 i plan on visiting, so i made a (very) rough map of all the residential ... if you've never heard of broun fellinis, they're sort of bay area legend... feeling a bit down, miss berkeley, and i was hoping a current student co... find your match at berkeley! &lt;3 submit profile by the deadline. http:... has anyone else seen this mysterious white rabbit on the corner of hast... has anyone else seen this mysterious white rabbit on the corner of hast... has anyone else seen this mysterious white rabbit on the corner of hast... "soda tax" in berkeley? bay area homemade market - march 8th! features local cottage food busine... cast and crew jobs for berkeley-based short film. apply now! spoonrocket deal on groupon ($10 for $20 sr credit or $20 for $45 sr cr... spoonrocket deal on groupon ($10 for $20 sr credit or $20 for $45 sr cr... spoonrocket deal on groupon ($10 for $20 sr credit or $20 for $45 sr cr... berkeley bathroom philosophy berkeley bathroom philosophy berkeley bathroom philosophy berkeley bathroom philosophy berkeley bathroom philosophy berkeley bathroom philosophy best gluten-free options in berkeley? does anyone know of a decent ceramics studio? anyone attending the wright institute in berkeley? uc santa cruz students shut down registrar, occupy hahn student services... jason bateman thinks cal might be a fun place to learn. *swoon* jason bateman thinks cal might be a fun place to learn. *swoon* jason bateman thinks cal might be a fun place to learn. *swoon* love thy sister | the daily californian love thy sister | the daily californian love thy sister | the daily californian love thy sister | the daily californian love thy sister | the daily californian love thy sister | the daily californian love thy sister | the daily californian love thy sister | the daily californian hello berkeley a graduate students. can you describe what living on/off ... mysterious dinosaur hoodie mysterious dinosaur hoodie what/where is the most accessible 24/7 hospital? how to get rid of a large couch - what options do i have? does anyone have any experience or details on making your own major? anyone tried munchery before are they any good? moving to berkeley in august does a landlord have to reimburse me for plumbing? how i feel walking on telegraph sometimes (x-post r/funny) the national and portugal the man show bi-monthly berkeley social gathering? bi-monthly berkeley social gathering? tips on how to meet new ppl/make more friends? and advice on clubs? been applying to internships since january and have had no luck :/ need ... ash wednesday mass times just 1 berkeley restaurant on top 100 places to eat list just 1 berkeley restaurant on top 100 places to eat list elderly street person dies in people's park. elderly street person dies in people's park. does anyone with comcast internet having problems connecting to the inte... incessant croaking near dwight b/t telegraph &amp; dana incessant croaking near dwight b/t telegraph &amp; dana do i really need cs 70 for cs 188? hungry and with car uc berkeley's sexual assault resolution process is shockingly inept anyone have experience with the manville apartments? the fafsa is due tomorrow, march 2! don't forget to fill it out! the fafsa is due tomorrow, march 2! don't forget to fill it out! the fafsa is due tomorrow, march 2! don't forget to fill it out! the fafsa is due tomorrow, march 2! don't forget to fill it out! the fafsa is due tomorrow, march 2! don't forget to fill it out! the fafsa is due tomorrow, march 2! don't forget to fill it out! eecs people are sutpid family members of measles-infected bart rider fall ill lost wallet found in downtown oakland (x-post from /r/bayarea) almost got ran over at euclid &amp; hearst, if anyone has seen it, any e... need advice for applying software internship lost blade runner umbrella lost blade runner umbrella long-term parking at southside? any intramural soccer team still need 1 more player? extract notes/highlights from pdfs lf duo partner. gold v where to live in berkeley over the summer? scantron 882's- where do i get these? can i just buy 2 singles? to those of you who are getting bad grades when can i apply to be a reader for a summer cs class? how a bad day starts (spotted on dwight). how a bad day starts (spotted on dwight). how a bad day starts (spotted on dwight). how a bad day starts (spotted on dwight). 11 real or imaginary rules uc berkeley students follow cheeseboard is #16 place to eat in the us cheeseboard is #16 place to eat in the us cheeseboard is #16 place to eat in the us cheeseboard is #16 place to eat in the us cheeseboard is #16 place to eat in the us uc berkeley's premier sustainable fashion show is coming march 13th. cre... is anyone looking for a job in tech? my company is hiring housing prices for an exchange student affirmative action and the '15 cent sticker mh3u anyone want to go to parties and have fun...but none of my friends are into tha... really berkeley? any of you bears going to the gambino concert in oakland in a few hours?! now that spoonrocket no longer delivers past 12...what are places that ... now that spoonrocket no longer delivers past 12...what are places that ... room available at channing bowditch! producers of abc's 'shark tank' scout talent at uc berkeley haas school... producers of abc's 'shark tank' scout talent at uc berkeley haas school... to the person who stole my headphones... need advice with physics 112 is there resource to get ham amateur radio license on campus tcho is moving to berkeley! tcho is moving to berkeley! tcho is moving to berkeley! tcho is moving to berkeley! places in berkeley that have mozzarella stick? places in berkeley that have mozzarella stick? as long as "national treasure" isn't on berkeley students allege university mishandles sexual assault cases berkeley students allege university mishandles sexual assault cases daily cal affirmative action op-eds; who has the more persuasive argument? psa: regarding energy drinks. grey-haired townies, lead by city council member kriss worthington, cont... another "i need friends" post: where can i see the clubs that are availa... spoonrocket is now $8 a meal. spoonrocket is now $8 a meal. spoonrocket is now $8 a meal. spoonrocket is now $8 a meal. work at berkeley - looking for a roommate, apartment or sublet! i made a public facebook event, click attending, just for the hell of it. pianists at cal, help out some cs160 students and earn $15! any experience with welders around berkeley? where would you recommend? things to do around berkeley for an out-of-towner over the summer why stem majors are superior to humanities majors (still) looking for a male roommate for a shared room! new to berkeley: resource for good nearby restaurants for a date new to berkeley: resource for good nearby restaurants for a date hey where can i get one of these chains? hey where can i get one of these chains? hey where can i get one of these chains? hey where can i get one of these chains? hey where can i get one of these chains? hey where can i get one of these chains? does anyone need some 882-e scantrons? i have a bunch and don't know wha... never gets old... never gets old... never gets old... never gets old... never gets old... never gets old... never gets old... never gets old... never gets old... chris ategeka, double degree-earning cal grad and ugandan orphan who is... chris ategeka, double degree-earning cal grad and ugandan orphan who is... chris ategeka, double degree-earning cal grad and ugandan orphan who is... hailey yook: boys' chivalry is probably sexist and "maybe better off lef... berkeley prof robert reich: whatsapp is everything wrong with the u.s. ... berkeley prof robert reich: whatsapp is everything wrong with the u.s. ... berkeley prof robert reich: whatsapp is everything wrong with the u.s. ... now accepting applications for summer ras, security monitors and academi... what are your plans for spring break? psa: possible phishing attack on bmail accounts. u.c. employees to strike on march 3. u.c. employees to strike on march 3. missed midterm any decent pick-up soccer in berkeley? at city hall, oakland can follow berkeley's lead just got my backpack stolen from inside sliver just got my backpack stolen from inside sliver geocachers geocachers opinion: uc berkeley would make $160m per year if it operated a patent ... opinion: uc berkeley would make $160m per year if it operated a patent ... some girl just got tackled by cops on campus at the corner of university... cs 5 year bs/ms program admission rate? rejected for the 15th time... [request] interview with a student at uc berkeley silencing the scientist: cal professor tyrone hayes on being targeted b... silencing the scientist: cal professor tyrone hayes on being targeted b... silencing the scientist: cal professor tyrone hayes on being targeted b... silencing the scientist: cal professor tyrone hayes on being targeted b... silencing the scientist: cal professor tyrone hayes on being targeted b... silencing the scientist: cal professor tyrone hayes on being targeted b... an amazing piece of analysis produced by evolve media and the #globalpov... tech shift: more women in computer science classes i want to transfer from the university of wisconsin to berkeley to study... why is the helicopter circling west berkeley right now (5:45pm)?? socio3ac: looking for interviewee! :) shame on stem majors for being apolitical berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley student defeats harvard, middlebury students to win jeopardy!... berkeley could soon have the best minimum wage in the nation, thanks to ... berkeley college republican jacob f. grant says "young people ... are l... berkeley college republican jacob f. grant says "young people ... are l... need help finding a 4 unit class- drop deadline today any dentist recommendation? join us at the tibetan aid project for a live stream of the dalai lama's... uc berkeley student accused in beating, gay slur uc berkeley student accused in beating, gay slur to whoever found my check on campus to whoever found my check on campus to whoever found my check on campus to whoever found my check on campus looking for a male roommate for a shared room! hopeful math transfer experiences with cps gah, onions. brett tanonaka: "first heterosexual male sex on tuesday writer in four ... brett tanonaka: "first heterosexual male sex on tuesday writer in four ... brett tanonaka: "first heterosexual male sex on tuesday writer in four ... looking for women for a co-ed soccer team in berkeley/albany berkeley to kill squirrels, gophers at cesar chavez park where's the best mexican food in berkeley? where's the best mexican food in berkeley? where's the best mexican food in berkeley? where's the best mexican food in berkeley? where's the best mexican food in berkeley? nimby berkeley townies complain about proposed design for new cal engin... nimby berkeley townies complain about proposed design for new cal engin... police investigate possible suicide on berkeley high school campus police investigate possible suicide on berkeley high school campus police investigate possible suicide on berkeley high school campus people with parents/family far away-- will your parents coming for gradu... [oak] beer and friendly gibberish, fauna bar, thurs 20 feb 19:00 anyone going to edc lv this year? engineering/math/physics major? want a ti-89 on your android phone? ysk... engineering/math/physics major? want a ti-89 on your android phone? ysk... has anyone had problems with windows 8/8.1 connecting to airbears/airbea... stolen motorcycle on hearst ave. outside koshland hall stolen motorcycle on hearst ave. outside koshland hall stolen motorcycle on hearst ave. outside koshland hall young geo professionals happy hour @ 21st amendment brewery, tuesday feb... non-campus options for therapy? non-campus options for therapy? mims program, fall 2014 @ the i school i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... i got bored in dwinelle... hopeful transfer needs advice anywhere on campus to study 24/7? advice for summer financial aid for extra semesters? if i get into discussion, does it mean i get into lecture? feeling lonely/miserable. cs senior, 22 years old, and i'm a virgin, ne... feeling lonely/miserable. cs senior, 22 years old, and i'm a virgin, ne... feeling lonely/miserable. cs senior, 22 years old, and i'm a virgin, ne... feeling lonely/miserable. cs senior, 22 years old, and i'm a virgin, ne... moving to berkeley between may-june, looking for roommates no pg&amp;e, 8am on a saturday is not jackhammer time! no pg&amp;e, 8am on a saturday is not jackhammer time! no pg&amp;e, 8am on a saturday is not jackhammer time! persian / middle eastern classes for coe requirement? cheap hotels/motels? feeling lonely/miserable. eecs major, age 21, can't decide which girl to... any early genesis fans? need ethernet cables for hack-a-thon is there an easy way to plan my major online? i say we get rid of the "other subreddits" module on the main page one of the top athletes in the world competes in berkeley and you don't ... can i make it in? photos the berkeley marina oil spill let's get dtella@berkeley active again! let's get dtella@berkeley active again! let's get dtella@berkeley active again! anyone driving to la today? xpost from r/offbeat: good samaritan backfire: how i ended up in solita... xpost from r/offbeat: good samaritan backfire: how i ended up in solita... xpost from r/offbeat: good samaritan backfire: how i ended up in solita... xpost from r/offbeat: good samaritan backfire: how i ended up in solita... xpost from r/offbeat: good samaritan backfire: how i ended up in solita... bart measles outbreak bart measles outbreak bart measles outbreak bart measles outbreak bart measles outbreak i'm so glad i get to live next to oakland i'm so glad i get to live next to oakland tennis anyone? why should i care that napolitano is president? why should i care that napolitano is president? why should i care that napolitano is president? former gsi suspected of sexual assault; ucpd asks other victims to come ... advice about asking for letters of rec? would berkeley be worth it for someone from out of state(pa)? would berkeley be worth it for someone from out of state(pa)? response from eecs student - thoughts? berkeley student says humanities majors are "useles[s] to society"; do m... berkeley activism take a free ride courtesy of lyft! take a free ride courtesy of lyft! take a free ride courtesy of lyft! apartment hunting thread apartment hunting thread john oliver roasts techies and silicon valley. thoughts? asian frats at cal? ucb glitterati breaking u-lock wealth &amp; poverty discussion question bcc summer classes looking for airbnb,couch surfing expert! sf pillow fight on friday (i.e. vday). anyone else down? lost item found near durant hall what's happening on campus right now? 8:54 a.m. [fire trucks, police ca... what's happening on campus right now? 8:54 a.m. [fire trucks, police ca... awesome opportunity for berkeley students to lobby on education issues are there any pick-up soccer/flag football/whatever sport on saturday mo... where to buy apple earbuds? looking for post by berkeley restaurant worker about tipping cal1card debit after graduation? applying for jobs on callisto switch section while waitlisted? what do we do if we're just adding a class now. freshman looking for info on martinez commons! speed dating during valentine's in berkeley? speed dating during valentine's in berkeley? speed dating during valentine's in berkeley? speed dating during valentine's in berkeley? serenade that special someone mexican style by cal's mariachi! joining a club sport...which ones take beginners? anybody else feel like spoonrocket has been slipping lately? anybody else feel like spoonrocket has been slipping lately? anybody else feel like spoonrocket has been slipping lately? daily cal survey on sex frequency between majors daily cal survey on anal sex frequency between majors pls help, i need a bit of advice! til wurster hall falls under a somewhat popular style of architecture c... til wurster hall falls under a somewhat popular style of architecture c... berkeley symphony orchestra concert: dress up? berkeley symphony orchestra concert: dress up? op delivers on the kfc op delivers on the kfc op delivers on the kfc op delivers on the kfc op delivers on the kfc op delivers on the kfc op delivers on the kfc op delivers on the kfc op delivers on the kfc tax question: does this lower or increase my tax return? anyone else find this daily cal article a bit sensationalist? anyone else find this daily cal article a bit sensationalist? anyone else find this daily cal article a bit sensationalist? how much do you think you'll make after graduation? looking for someone to buy zachary's pizza. i'll pay for a large pie and... anyone want to go to kfc - i'll buy you something if you drive anyone want to go to kfc - i'll buy you something if you drive anyone want to go to kfc - i'll buy you something if you drive anyone want to go to kfc - i'll buy you something if you drive cs61c and cs70 over the summer? looking for a ride to mendocino county valentines day weekend. warning to computer users in the berkeley/san pablo area warning to computer users in the berkeley/san pablo area warning to computer users in the berkeley/san pablo area warning to computer users in the berkeley/san pablo area anyone know of an available indoor workout spot for tomorrow? people saying, "i've heard of that place..." when referring to berkeley.... dance floors / ballet barres on campus? valentines day in berkeley? looking for graduate student(s) to interview trying to walk through sproul when you're late for class trying to walk through sproul when you're late for class trying to walk through sproul when you're late for class trying to walk through sproul when you're late for class trying to walk through sproul when you're late for class trying to walk through sproul when you're late for class trying to walk through sproul when you're late for class cal football player ted agu found dead. no details yet. cal football player ted agu found dead. no details yet. cal football player ted agu found dead. no details yet. cal football player ted agu found dead. no details yet. cal football player ted agu found dead. no details yet. cal football player ted agu found dead. no details yet. cal football player ted agu found dead. no details yet. cal football player ted agu found dead. no details yet. apartment internet chancellor dirks is down with #selfies! #gobears! chancellor dirks is down with #selfies! #gobears! chancellor dirks is down with #selfies! #gobears! desperate for a 2 unit class to reach the required minimum. help! sf beer week @ pyramid alehouse bk: dodge balls, drink beers; rad league... berkeley in shock after cal football player dies can anyone recommend a tailor? can anyone recommend a tailor? who wants to play soccer w 6-8pm? place to watch the olympics? tutor for chem 104b? auto detailing in berkeley? hand-wash + wax? t-mobile in berkeley what to put on my resume? free health &amp; wellness class beginning this sunday how to have more of a social life? how to have more of a social life? t-mobile and main stacks do upper division math/stats classes always fill up? hiv outbreak in fiji? looking for current or former students to interview for project it's just not fair... air raid siren just now? hiring cal students for macworld conference march 27 to march 29 (spring... anyone know how to easily sign in using your calnet id with an iphone/ipad? valentine's ideas valentine's ideas the jazz/blues/bluegrass lounge of uc berkeley the jazz/blues/bluegrass lounge of uc berkeley how long until you get a reimbursement for overpaying tuition/fees? my first semester at berkeley [repost from facebook] marshawn lynch super bowl 48 locker room dance (full) marshawn lynch super bowl 48 locker room dance (full) marshawn lynch super bowl 48 locker room dance (full) [oak] beer and friendly gibberish, the telegraph, thurs 6 feb 19:00 [oak] beer and friendly gibberish, the telegraph, thurs 6 feb 19:00 any recommendations on bicycle repair shops in the campus area? looking for an ias 106 studygroup/tutor cz vs cloyne (vs stebbins?) need a goalkeeper for monday indoor league i'm a berkeley student, and my entry is a finalist in the new yorker ca... i'm a berkeley student, and my entry is a finalist in the new yorker ca... cal basketball: justin cobbs game winner against #1 arizona (tv broadca... cal basketball: justin cobbs game winner against #1 arizona (tv broadca... cal basketball: justin cobbs game winner against #1 arizona (tv broadca... cal basketball: justin cobbs game winner against #1 arizona (tv broadca... cal basketball: justin cobbs game winner against #1 arizona (tv broadca... local small-batch artisan wheat berkeley eecs confused at what to do. i saw seven cop cars next to crossroads and a bunch of cops talking to s... number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears number 1 arizona falls to cobbs and the golden bears students rush the court as cal makes history, upsets #1-ranked arizona ... students rush the court as cal makes history, upsets #1-ranked arizona ... students rush the court as cal makes history, upsets #1-ranked arizona ... students rush the court as cal makes history, upsets #1-ranked arizona ... students rush the court as cal makes history, upsets #1-ranked arizona ... bringing other-school guests to student section in basketball games? richard solomon after beating #1 arizona richard solomon after beating #1 arizona smash bros practice printing textbooks? intramural flag football vs speed soccer looking for a ticket to tonight's game vs. arizona! willing to pay $$$ any other bears going to coachella weekend 1? maybe there's a way to make entering and exiting the downtown bart stat... maybe there's a way to make entering and exiting the downtown bart stat... i'm starting an east bay trivia team, win free beer! tax return in berkeley come audition for my favorite a cappella group on campus! how hard is it to sublet out my apartment during the summer months? dalai lama coming to berkeley! dalai lama coming to berkeley! dalai lama coming to berkeley! dalai lama coming to berkeley! anyone have a cat? anyone have a cat? a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee a conversation with top dog's most memorable employee "last warning" from ua web portal? "going where you wheel" - telegraph ave and berkeley lead the way for ac... cal snapchat: best, brightest, &amp; beautiful, let's show it off ladies come celebrate chinese new year with us: we're holding a banquet saturda... short film to capture uc berkeley's flavor. need actor/actress lost keys if anyone needs something 3d printed, or designed, i can help. if anyone needs something 3d printed, or designed, i can help. bspace announcements don't get forwarded to my email. help please! thanks for coming alexis, and good luck on your book tour! thanks for coming alexis, and good luck on your book tour! thanks for coming alexis, and good luck on your book tour! thanks for coming alexis, and good luck on your book tour! thanks for coming alexis, and good luck on your book tour! thanks for coming alexis, and good luck on your book tour! alexis's talk from earlier tonight. i hope he doesn't mind! its a recor... alexis's talk from earlier tonight. i hope he doesn't mind! its a recor... marshawn lynch on growing up in oakland marshawn lynch on growing up in oakland hey bears, reddit cofounder alexis ohanian here -- i'm coming to your c... hey bears, reddit cofounder alexis ohanian here -- i'm coming to your c... hey bears, reddit cofounder alexis ohanian here -- i'm coming to your c... hey bears, reddit cofounder alexis ohanian here -- i'm coming to your c... hey bears, reddit cofounder alexis ohanian here -- i'm coming to your c... hey bears, reddit cofounder alexis ohanian here -- i'm coming to your c... hey bears, reddit cofounder alexis ohanian here -- i'm coming to your c... hey bears, reddit cofounder alexis ohanian here -- i'm coming to your c... hey bears, reddit cofounder alexis ohanian here -- i'm coming to your c... hey bears, reddit cofounder alexis ohanian here -- i'm coming to your c... place to buy old exams? recommendations for clubs, especially hidden ones who don't flier as often? tips for the upcoming career fair 2014? tips for the upcoming career fair 2014? still need another unit? or want to take an awesome class? take poli sc... still need another unit? or want to take an awesome class? take poli sc... still need another unit? or want to take an awesome class? take poli sc... anyone have experience with finding a math tutor? overweight adults with type 2 diabetes needed for online study (the in-p... going under 12 units graduating senior (coe) can we still ship things to the dorm address even if we don't live there... i am aspiring bear. what do i need to do to make it in? taking unusual languages? commuting to berkeley? south side power outage hitting on girls in the rsf, yay or nay? anyone with a chegg account that can help? alumni, are you able to send emails from your berkeley email address aft... buying bus pass for those living in the living room, what do you use to make it your own... how does free agency work for im sports? someone please tell me that the dude who passed out in the rsf just now... someone please tell me that the dude who passed out in the rsf just now... someone please tell me that the dude who passed out in the rsf just now... someone please tell me that the dude who passed out in the rsf just now... someone please tell me that the dude who passed out in the rsf just now... how do grad schools/law schools weight grades? what are the most wonderful things you've encountered at berkeley? what are the most wonderful things you've encountered at berkeley? i'm sad my favorite nfl team isn't making it to the super bowl. but at ... i'm sad my favorite nfl team isn't making it to the super bowl. but at ... i'm sad my favorite nfl team isn't making it to the super bowl. but at ... anyone know where to find free meals this week? building a website: what host? separate subreddit for the city of berkeley? separate subreddit for the city of berkeley? separate subreddit for the city of berkeley? academic collaboration: cochlea expert wanted has anyone used engineering 120 to satisfy the engineering humanities re... hey berkeley, here are two photos i took of memorial stadium at sunset. hey berkeley, here are two photos i took of memorial stadium at sunset. hey berkeley, here are two photos i took of memorial stadium at sunset. hey berkeley, here are two photos i took of memorial stadium at sunset. hey berkeley, here are two photos i took of memorial stadium at sunset. hey berkeley, here are two photos i took of memorial stadium at sunset. hey berkeley, here are two photos i took of memorial stadium at sunset. summer opportunities for freshmen? how is it that our advisors aren't held responsible for what they f*ckin... did anyone got this email timely message from uhs? whatever happened to "the berkeley journal project?" fraternity rankings spring 2014 last semester at cal: checklists? recommendations? last semester at cal: checklists? recommendations? encounter with old chinese guy asking personal questions encounter with old chinese guy asking personal questions encounter with old chinese guy asking personal questions open-gym volleyball at the rsf? activists target google employee at his berkeley home fyi: reddit co-founder to come to berkeley fyi: reddit co-founder to come to berkeley fyi: reddit co-founder to come to berkeley fyi: reddit co-founder to come to berkeley fyi: reddit co-founder to come to berkeley reddit co-founder addresses berkeley, incites rivalry, calls stanford "... reddit co-founder addresses berkeley, incites rivalry, calls stanford "... trying to get into fitness...anyone want to help me out in the weight room? tips for house hunting? do you actually need stats 134 and 135 for 154? interested in school psychology @ berkeley? there is a sp conference at ... cal football: gopro aerials of campus how to study me106 with marcus? horny young male sophomore... looking for cheap and efficient internet providers frenkel talks about math on numberphile frenkel talks about math on numberphile frenkel talks about math on numberphile money makes you mean? callisto alumni advantage berkeley police honor boy, 10, who helped find missing man getting into cs 189 with a b in 188? councilmember kriss worthington blocks student district in desperate att... anyone here majoring in mcb track ii: biological chemistry protestors fight gentrification by demonstrating outside the home of go... protestors fight gentrification by demonstrating outside the home of go... we've got a d coordinator: art kaufman looking for a sense of community at cal.... calcentral - campus info anywhere and anytime will i die in 14 units that all involve coding? boarding at a coop they finally found a use for these things (popped up on my fb feed) they finally found a use for these things (popped up on my fb feed) they finally found a use for these things (popped up on my fb feed) they finally found a use for these things (popped up on my fb feed) they finally found a use for these things (popped up on my fb feed) they finally found a use for these things (popped up on my fb feed) they finally found a use for these things (popped up on my fb feed) they finally found a use for these things (popped up on my fb feed) they finally found a use for these things (popped up on my fb feed) any recommendation for classes about world economy? automatic waitlist spam email verification check out this website i made that allows students to search/post lost c... classes just started today. do you have a school-related question? ask h... wellness classes? hey, who's down to jam? waitlist chances? it's back to school time yall! it's back to school time yall! easiest upper division electives for econ major. w2's for uc berkeley employees? very confused about how to enroll in an online course cal students: play music and drink beers testing and refining scientific theories course offered by berkeley comp... male student wanted for double room sublet (rent effectively $760/month) telebears: how to check waitlist for lab? eecs people: is there anywhere on campus where i can use a jtag interface? off campus printing anyone want to join a book club for ucb students? anyone want to join a book club for ucb students? anyone want to join a book club for ucb students? question regarding environmental economics major electives visiting dorms tomorrow. what's parking like? mil aff 1 class? does physics137b with wohl follow griffith's textbook? i'm a fucking failure. jahvid best returning to cal as student assistant coach jahvid best returning to cal as student assistant coach jahvid best returning to cal as student assistant coach jahvid best returning to cal as student assistant coach jahvid best returning to cal as student assistant coach date ideas around berkeley? date ideas around berkeley? need a case interview partner? are buildings like wheeler open this weekend? uc berkeley receives a record number of applications for fall admission... uc berkeley receives a record number of applications for fall admission... uc berkeley receives a record number of applications for fall admission... uc berkeley receives a record number of applications for fall admission... uc berkeley receives a record number of applications for fall admission... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian coming to uc berkeley jan 28! reddit co-founder alexis ohanian coming to uc berkeley jan 28! reddit co-founder alexis ohanian coming to uc berkeley jan 28! reddit co-founder alexis ohanian coming to uc berkeley jan 28! california drought: jerry brown declares emergency, asks public to rati... california drought: jerry brown declares emergency, asks public to rati... california drought: jerry brown declares emergency, asks public to rati... created at berkeley cs undergrads, a tool to share stuff, lets ask our p... bad luck cs major what's the best barber shop for a men's cut in town? los angeles area cal fans attending or planning on attending the cal us... los angeles area cal fans attending or planning on attending the cal us... does ucb offer a discounted or free version of matlab for students? psa: watch out for college works painting psa: watch out for college works painting psa: watch out for college works painting psa: watch out for college works painting psa: watch out for college works painting psa: watch out for college works painting psa: watch out for college works painting psa: watch out for college works painting has anybody taken astro 121 or eps 130? dae read books? how do i print things? suits is coming to berkeley! suits is coming to berkeley! berkeley is running circles around sf in housing haas and econ majors: where do you stand on the political spectrum? looking for some new bay area music. le petit cheval closed le petit cheval closed super quick and easy economics question? has anyone gotten new glasses with ship? easiest breadth class ever? keenan allen named nfl offensive rookie of the year keenan allen named nfl offensive rookie of the year keenan allen named nfl offensive rookie of the year keenan allen named nfl offensive rookie of the year keenan allen named nfl offensive rookie of the year keenan allen named nfl offensive rookie of the year hip-hop / alternative artists? collaborations? pros/cons of digital versus physical versions of books? one of my professors has yet to post my grade. cheap single available! til cal students are popular shooting targets in az the hardest part about my entire uc berkeley education is... price of triples changed for 2014? should financial aid compensate? gsi appointment question homeless tonight in berkeley. does anyone know where i can find the based god? my maps for a hypothetical berkeley metro system [oc] (x-post from r/ba... my maps for a hypothetical berkeley metro system [oc] (x-post from r/ba... my maps for a hypothetical berkeley metro system [oc] (x-post from r/ba... my maps for a hypothetical berkeley metro system [oc] (x-post from r/ba... my maps for a hypothetical berkeley metro system [oc] (x-post from r/ba... my maps for a hypothetical berkeley metro system [oc] (x-post from r/ba... my maps for a hypothetical berkeley metro system [oc] (x-post from r/ba... my maps for a hypothetical berkeley metro system [oc] (x-post from r/ba... my maps for a hypothetical berkeley metro system [oc] (x-post from r/ba... cal football subreddit /r/calfootball cal football subreddit /r/calfootball gunshots on northside? blue and gold (x-post from r/pics) blue and gold (x-post from r/pics) blue and gold (x-post from r/pics) looking for running buddies! unsubsidized loan deadline has anyone had their fin aid dispersed yet? public economics with professor saez how was your international breadth? berkeley is a dangerous place at night :( berkeley is a dangerous place at night :( berkeley is a dangerous place at night :( berkeley is a dangerous place at night :( berkeley is a dangerous place at night :( berkeley is a dangerous place at night :( berkeley is a dangerous place at night :( berkeley is a dangerous place at night :( berkeley is a dangerous place at night :( berkeley is a dangerous place at night :( berkeley is a dangerous place at night :( anyone return to the dorms? do you have to live in the dorms? desean jackson had $250k in cash, $125k in jewelry, and 2 semi-automatic... free website with customized calendars, planners, to-do lists? anyone here have any experience with work-study? especially the food ser... help! quick question about ninjacourses? does anyone have sheet music for the cal fight song? big "c"? where do we nominate new mic men chants? (x-post from r/videos) where do we nominate new mic men chants? (x-post from r/videos) where do we nominate new mic men chants? (x-post from r/videos) where do we nominate new mic men chants? (x-post from r/videos) where do we nominate new mic men chants? (x-post from r/videos) is econ 101a and econ100a possibly complementary with ~500 parents at uc berkeley (and a bunch more who live here), i th... with ~500 parents at uc berkeley (and a bunch more who live here), i th... with ~500 parents at uc berkeley (and a bunch more who live here), i th... with ~500 parents at uc berkeley (and a bunch more who live here), i th... the college of chemistry handbook says that its students must graduate i... cali roots festival? what's a good website to buy used textbooks? get paid to be stimulated ;) get paid to be stimulated ;) awesome jeopardy question awesome jeopardy question awesome jeopardy question awesome jeopardy question awesome jeopardy question awesome jeopardy question awesome jeopardy question awesome jeopardy question awesome jeopardy question awesome jeopardy question is anyone else having trouble with their bearpass on ac transit? coachella? working out at the rsf help cal win at least $10k for scholarships! andy buh dismissed as cal's dc by dykes andy buh dismissed as cal's dc by dykes will blue and gold still apply for 5th years? pol sci 179 with ross. is there a final? eta for a response from cal student central? 3 upperdiv cs workload 169+188+ee122 best time to hunt for an apartment for next fall? best time to hunt for an apartment for next fall? thinking of rushing for a sorority in the spring....pros and cons? we (spooky flowers) just recorded and released our first full length lp... we (spooky flowers) just recorded and released our first full length lp... we (spooky flowers) just recorded and released our first full length lp... we (spooky flowers) just recorded and released our first full length lp... prof janet yellen as the new fed chair...impressions? visiting potential transfer student senate confirms former berkeley professor janet yellen as new fed chair senate confirms former berkeley professor janet yellen as new fed chair senate confirms former berkeley professor janet yellen as new fed chair senate confirms former berkeley professor janet yellen as new fed chair senate confirms former berkeley professor janet yellen as new fed chair senate confirms former berkeley professor janet yellen as new fed chair senate confirms former berkeley professor janet yellen as new fed chair senate confirms former berkeley professor janet yellen as new fed chair question for cs/eecs: are instructional accounts clobbered after the sem... new york times article on the minimum wage, written by uc berkeley econ... new york times article on the minimum wage, written by uc berkeley econ... new york times article on the minimum wage, written by uc berkeley econ... new york times article on the minimum wage, written by uc berkeley econ... will there be a calapalooza for the spring? do i have to retake my d? looking to buy or rent beginner snowboard gear in berkeley! trying to find a job for marketing field snes at berkeley flea market even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... even the comics mock us... do you guys have a main "group" of friends that you chill with most of ... do you guys have a main "group" of friends that you chill with most of ... questions about getting a job at rescomp. jeff tedford just got hired as an offensive coordinator in the nfl (tam... jeff tedford just got hired as an offensive coordinator in the nfl (tam... jeff tedford just got hired as an offensive coordinator in the nfl (tam... remember r/cscareerquestions yearbook poll: what was your greatest fear while at cal? yearbook poll: what was your greatest fear while at cal? yearbook poll: what was your greatest fear while at cal? yearbook poll: what was your greatest fear while at cal? yearbook poll: what was your greatest fear while at cal? yearbook poll: what was your greatest fear while at cal? yearbook poll: what was your greatest fear while at cal? yearbook poll: what was your greatest fear while at cal? tips for writing a resume with no work experience? is it worth it to join the alumni association? moving to southside. any advice, fellow bears? berkeley marina berkeley marina berkeley marina berkeley marina berkeley marina berkeley marina berkeley marina berkeley marina sociology majors! sociology 140 or sociology 137? freshman eecs looking for internships. freshman spring schedule aspiring entrepreneurs at berkeley where can i get chorizo around berkeley? berk/cal redditors still in berktown who don't have any set nye plans: ... berk/cal redditors still in berktown who don't have any set nye plans: ... psa: stop asking when your grades will be posted psa: stop asking when your grades will be posted psa: stop asking when your grades will be posted psa: stop asking when your grades will be posted psa: stop asking when your grades will be posted psa: stop asking when your grades will be posted psa: stop asking when your grades will be posted protesting a grade don't have ship metlife dental id card/number? software engineering jobs with cs minor. [upvote for visibility] a serious issue plaguing the berkeley community ... academic dismissal in engineering academic dismissal in engineering advice to a summer graduate seeking fall employment? funding questions for berkeley graduate students the value of a liberal arts education taking 1 more semester at berkeley? places to practice spanish during break? what are some study tips for physics 112 i know i'm not the only one here. i know i'm not the only one here. i know i'm not the only one here. i know i'm not the only one here. i know i'm not the only one here. i know i'm not the only one here. i know i'm not the only one here. i know i'm not the only one here. i know i'm not the only one here. i know i'm not the only one here. i know i'm not the only one here. i know i'm not the only one here. didn't make gpa cutoff for econ - options? anxiety living alone in an apt. infected mushroom tonight in sf. any berkeley- ites down? summer 2013 graduates: did you receive your diploma yet? question about berkeley college of chemistry failed a class and it's full on telebears...what do i do? does mobile data for other carries suck as much as sprint does in berkeley? christmas day incident on durant christmas day incident on durant christmas day incident on durant its winter break its winter break its winter break its winter break its winter break its winter break when will grades be posted by for fall 2013? what restaurants are open tonight? taking an incomplete for a class? /r/berkeley, not /r/cal or /r/ucberkeley my redditgifts secret santa gave me a shirt from berkeley and i have no... my redditgifts secret santa gave me a shirt from berkeley and i have no... my redditgifts secret santa gave me a shirt from berkeley and i have no... time to stop hating on napolitano for no reason time to stop hating on napolitano for no reason time to stop hating on napolitano for no reason time to stop hating on napolitano for no reason "smoke &amp; tobacco free" in about a week "smoke &amp; tobacco free" in about a week cc student offers for eecs major with gpa under 2.5 offers for eecs major with gpa under 2.5 offers for eecs major with gpa under 2.5 offers for eecs major with gpa under 2.5 calculated how many students cheated in cs61c calculated how many students cheated in cs61c calculated how many students cheated in cs61c calculated how many students cheated in cs61c calculated how many students cheated in cs61c calculated how many students cheated in cs61c sublet available for spring 2013 at treehaven (right across from soda ha... cc transfer and double majors taking a class without the prereq things to do in berkeley for the bears who are local or stayed behind fo... has anyone been to little star pizza on solano? has anyone been to little star pizza on solano? keenan allen earns rookie award 3rd time ... 7 tds and 935 yards (x-pos... keenan allen earns rookie award 3rd time ... 7 tds and 935 yards (x-pos... keenan allen earns rookie award 3rd time ... 7 tds and 935 yards (x-pos... please help! luggage left outside near channing-bowditch is missing. please help! luggage left outside near channing-bowditch is missing. someone set a few bushes on fire by the campanile someone set a few bushes on fire by the campanile someone set a few bushes on fire by the campanile someone set a few bushes on fire by the campanile someone set a few bushes on fire by the campanile someone set a few bushes on fire by the campanile someone set a few bushes on fire by the campanile cs61c drama part 2: shit has hit the fan cs61c drama part 2: shit has hit the fan cs61c drama part 2: shit has hit the fan cs61c drama part 2: shit has hit the fan cs61c drama part 2: shit has hit the fan cs61c drama part 2: shit has hit the fan looking for advice with an unstable roommate looking for advice with an unstable roommate looking for advice with an unstable roommate as bad as this past football season was... we can at least take solace ... as bad as this past football season was... we can at least take solace ... as bad as this past football season was... we can at least take solace ... as bad as this past football season was... we can at least take solace ... as bad as this past football season was... we can at least take solace ... as bad as this past football season was... we can at least take solace ... your next hire should be from berkeley. your next hire should be from berkeley. your next hire should be from berkeley. your next hire should be from berkeley. cap and gown? just finished finals - anyone want to go get a drink? worth separating glass / paper for recycling in berkeley? psa: great china has reopened psa: great china has reopened psa: great china has reopened easiest history breadth class ethnic studies 159ac final was accidentally scheduled at the same time ... ethnic studies 159ac final was accidentally scheduled at the same time ... ethnic studies 159ac final was accidentally scheduled at the same time ... ethnic studies 159ac final was accidentally scheduled at the same time ... ethnic studies 159ac final was accidentally scheduled at the same time ... ethnic studies 159ac final was accidentally scheduled at the same time ... does econ 101a (card) fail anybody? any third culture kids here? missing: 207 dwinelle north berkeley housing options in the spring? replacing a np semester ends and all of a sudden... catalan students at cal having personal conversations on iphone headsets! so funny students at cal having personal conversations on iphone headsets! so funny students at cal having personal conversations on iphone headsets! so funny students at cal having personal conversations on iphone headsets! so funny students at cal having personal conversations on iphone headsets! so funny uc berkeley students targeted in spate of robberies. men armed with unusual weapons fight in people's park men armed with unusual weapons fight in people's park some cs61c students right now some cs61c students right now some cs61c students right now some cs61c students right now two of my favorite cal alums in a commercial two of my favorite cal alums in a commercial two of my favorite cal alums in a commercial recommended rsf massage therapists? anyone want to have some beers? a look at jack clark, the amazing coach of the cal rugby team (xpost /r... a look at jack clark, the amazing coach of the cal rugby team (xpost /r... dirks: fire not caused by copper wire theft. graduating this sunday! is there a list of things i should do first? best way to sell stuff around here (e.g. craigslist)? for those of you taking ee40 this semester for those of you taking ee40 this semester for those of you taking ee40 this semester advice for a highly motivated ccc student whom is aspiring to transfer ... advice for a highly motivated ccc student whom is aspiring to transfer ... housing at berkeley for grad students? looks like the uc's need to get serious about a future of privatized fin... the meetup was a great success! (unidan was there in spirit/skype) the meetup was a great success! (unidan was there in spirit/skype) the meetup was a great success! (unidan was there in spirit/skype) the meetup was a great success! (unidan was there in spirit/skype) the meetup was a great success! (unidan was there in spirit/skype) the meetup was a great success! (unidan was there in spirit/skype) the meetup was a great success! (unidan was there in spirit/skype) the meetup was a great success! (unidan was there in spirit/skype) quick question from a uk student. i need models to let me do their hair this upcoming tuesday. i need models to let me do their hair this upcoming tuesday. frack! did anyone run into a yellow 120pg notebook with quantum/espm st... frack! did anyone run into a yellow 120pg notebook with quantum/espm st... frack! did anyone run into a yellow 120pg notebook with quantum/espm st... anyone know where i can sell text books in berkeley? cal student mugged by teen thugs. cal student mugged by teen thugs. cal student mugged by teen thugs. stressed from finals? need a break? come get indian flavors express wit... stressed from finals? need a break? come get indian flavors express wit... stressed from finals? need a break? come get indian flavors express wit... stressed from finals? need a break? come get indian flavors express wit... free donuts and coffee outside of moffitt this weekend, courtesy of the ... moffitt library staff and food confiscation keenan allen doing it big in denver keenan allen doing it big in denver keenan allen doing it big in denver keenan allen doing it big in denver keenan allen doing it big in denver keenan allen doing it big in denver keenan allen doing it big in denver keenan allen doing it big in denver anyone from berkeley going to santacon/santarchy tomorrow in sf?! retaining library vpn access after graduation? i want meat. ugh, and now i'm fired up for cal football again there looks like there's a vigil going on outside li ka shing right now... there looks like there's a vigil going on outside li ka shing right now... mcb prof. randy schekman is doing an iama right now. for many of you mc... mcb prof. randy schekman is doing an iama right now. for many of you mc... mcb prof. randy schekman is doing an iama right now. for many of you mc... mcb prof. randy schekman is doing an iama right now. for many of you mc... anyone going to rjd2 tonight? anyone know how to access asuc/callink club funds? anybody interested in doing this with me after final? (sf pub crawl on f... pe classes during finals week? hilarious origin story for circular statues on campus!--finally they're ... we couldn't have a more genuine and enthusiastic chancellor. we couldn't have a more genuine and enthusiastic chancellor. airbears... you suck and i hate you. that is all. suggestions for my time in berkeley advice for a confused junior - anything welcome advice for a confused junior - anything welcome mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. mcb 102 students. you guys can really suck sometimes. anyone going to sfo tonight? (alum in town or 1 day) i painted sather tower for a friend. thought y'all might enjoy it. i painted sather tower for a friend. thought y'all might enjoy it. i painted sather tower for a friend. thought y'all might enjoy it. i painted sather tower for a friend. thought y'all might enjoy it. i painted sather tower for a friend. thought y'all might enjoy it. i painted sather tower for a friend. thought y'all might enjoy it. i painted sather tower for a friend. thought y'all might enjoy it. i painted sather tower for a friend. thought y'all might enjoy it. daterapedoug here. id like to talk to you about consent. rash of south berkeley robberies (this is a pregnant woman in broad day... rash of south berkeley robberies (this is a pregnant woman in broad day... naked runner here. i'd like to talk to you about consent. what looks worse on a transcript? an 'incomplete' (i), or a 'no pass' (np) best restaurants in berkeley? outdoor clubs? first christmas in the bay area, are there any good places to go look a... first christmas in the bay area, are there any good places to go look a... so, i'm new here to berkeley (cal) and this board ccc student getting a class through concurrent enrollment? did somebody leave an ipad in 350 hmmb? did somebody leave an ipad in 350 hmmb? looking for a new apartment math 54 grunbaum spring 2014 freshman admit: getting into a major pre-req off of the wait... nssn tonight, anyone? jam session? anoncon fall 2013 is now live! anoncon fall 2013 is now live! anoncon fall 2013 is now live! interview with frederick wiseman and robert birgeneau on kqed forum, on... interview with frederick wiseman and robert birgeneau on kqed forum, on... tuition? what tuition? is anyone interested in a 'classes you're taking next semester' thread? poli sci 179 study group for final exam? poli sci 179 study group for final exam? poli sci 179 study group for final exam? poli sci 179 study group for final exam? poli sci 179 study group for final exam? poli sci 179 study group for final exam? welcome to kabam field at memorial stadium. 15 year, $18 million naming... welcome to kabam field at memorial stadium. 15 year, $18 million naming... if u left something important somewhere if u left something important somewhere if u left something important somewhere a bit scared. might fail a class this semester. a bit scared. might fail a class this semester. east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night east asian library at night where should new berkeley students buy a mac? are there deals or discoun... can you check out hdmi to thunderbolt adapters from libraries? i am the administrator in charge of ra hiring and i want to answer your... i am the administrator in charge of ra hiring and i want to answer your... i am the administrator in charge of ra hiring and i want to answer your... crossroads' new honey mustard? crossroads' new honey mustard? crossroads' new honey mustard? calcentral adds my finances feature unemployed for two years after graduation. will buying callisto access ... unemployed for two years after graduation. will buying callisto access ... is anyone having trouble with airbears/airbears2 today? when you're as good as this guy, you get your cars for free when you're as good as this guy, you get your cars for free skating in the area? studying for finals and stumbled upon this slide studying for finals and stumbled upon this slide how to modify name when sending email from @berkeley.edu account on iphone psa for work-study recipients psa for work-study recipients what happened to the on-campus 3d printer? is it legal to download ebooks from berkeley library? cal yearbook flash sale: $10+ anyone interested in training/participating for a half marathon or tough... currently a junior in high school looking to apply here, what are the be... anyone know what happened at the ashby bart flea market? possibly the worst video created by berkeley students staying logged on to airbears on your smartphone? advice for selling a used computer (for parts) in berkeley? upon hearing that zach kline is going to transfer upon hearing that zach kline is going to transfer upon hearing that zach kline is going to transfer room broken into in clark kerr uc berkeley political science department this is what i did with my berkeley film degree and my thanksgiving weekend do berkeley residents usually support oakland or sf in professional sports? free $7 voucher from seamless toward almost any restaurant in berkeley, ... anyone with a nintendo 3ds on campus? "what do we say to the president? no pipeline for the 1%!" protest chant... poli sci 179 study guide link poli sci 179 study guide link students rolling on campus #miley any food places open in berkeley today? pass / no pass question. anoncon where do i get coffee on black friday? are there any bars open tonight in town? are there any bars open tonight in town? lack of university response causes three students to experience narciss... lack of university response causes three students to experience narciss... lack of university response causes three students to experience narciss... lack of university response causes three students to experience narciss... lack of university response causes three students to experience narciss... proposal: ban youtube links until 12/4 proposal: ban youtube links until 12/4 proposal: ban youtube links until 12/4 a tour of the uc berkeley campus in under 3 minutes. social media-project at ucb berkeley girl bangs on campus socialist publication eviscerates uc berkeley professor for telling stud... transfer student, question about credits defied odds; goes to berkeley now wtf telebears, how can discussion be at the same time as lecture? wtf telebears, how can discussion be at the same time as lecture? "why i am not canceling class tomorrow" cal lecturer's email to students... poli sci 179 study guide for those interested poli sci 179 study guide for those interested poli sci 179 study guide for those interested poli sci 179 study guide for those interested cheapest mobile service provider how much should a cal student spend a month on average? how much should a cal student spend a month on average? has anyone attended a workshop as an undergraduate? (simons institute, m... i miss berkeley right now. i miss berkeley right now. president obama interrupted by former asuc senator at immigration speec... president obama interrupted by former asuc senator at immigration speec... president obama interrupted by former asuc senator at immigration speec... bored and annoyed with life right now. what's there to do today? anyone... bored and annoyed with life right now. what's there to do today? anyone... is uc worth it for an out of state student? a perfect metaphor for yesterday's big game a perfect metaphor for yesterday's big game breaking news: cal beats stanford at the big game by -50 breaking news: cal beats stanford at the big game by -50 breaking news: cal beats stanford at the big game by -50 breaking news: cal beats stanford at the big game by -50 breaking news: cal beats stanford at the big game by -50 breaking news: cal beats stanford at the big game by -50 breaking news: cal beats stanford at the big game by -50 breaking news: cal beats stanford at the big game by -50 breaking news: cal beats stanford at the big game by -50 breaking news: cal beats stanford at the big game by -50 how can i make a change to my uc application once i already submitted it? at least we will always have this at least we will always have this at least we will always have this possible to drop below 13 units during semester w/ extenuating circumsta... look at the bright side. we get first pick in the draft this spring, right? any current or former tour guides who would be interested in giving a g... any current or former tour guides who would be interested in giving a g... how do i get comcast to lower my internet bill? or: what non-comcast isp... here's a link to a hd live stream of big game! go bears! here's a link to a hd live stream of big game! go bears! does anyone have a good vlc (or any for that matter) stream link for the... purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) purple sunset over berkeley (11/17/13) online courses at community colleges president john f. kennedy delivers address at charter day ceremony, rec... president john f. kennedy delivers address at charter day ceremony, rec... president john f. kennedy delivers address at charter day ceremony, rec... president john f. kennedy delivers address at charter day ceremony, rec... president john f. kennedy delivers address at charter day ceremony, rec... president john f. kennedy delivers address at charter day ceremony, rec... president john f. kennedy delivers address at charter day ceremony, rec... president john f. kennedy delivers address at charter day ceremony, rec... president john f. kennedy delivers address at charter day ceremony, rec... silly request: visiting berkeley/sf and need to iron a shirt this afternoon checked bart status this morning... checked bart status this morning... checked bart status this morning... so there's a bonfire rally tonight... (also, live bear???) power outage from winds, big green-blue explosions of light power outage from winds, big green-blue explosions of light how is berkeley on black friday? (target specifically) let's hope history repeats itself (cal football 1986 big game) let's hope history repeats itself (cal football 1986 big game) cal football graduation rate &amp; apr scores improve. zoning board denies berkeley micro-unit proposal | berkeleyside zoning board denies berkeley micro-unit proposal | berkeleyside did anyone have to go to berkeley extension to finish his/her degree what time do the doe blue and gold lights turn on today? is there any reason to apply to eecs if i specifically want to do comput... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... i am a student at berkeley taking a math class. our professor sent us ... g-eazy's new music video all about berkeley g-eazy's new music video all about berkeley sister attacked in berkeley last night - be on the lookout sister attacked in berkeley last night - be on the lookout sister attacked in berkeley last night - be on the lookout sister attacked in berkeley last night - be on the lookout sister attacked in berkeley last night - be on the lookout sister attacked in berkeley last night - be on the lookout sister attacked in berkeley last night - be on the lookout sister attacked in berkeley last night - be on the lookout sister attacked in berkeley last night - be on the lookout sister attacked in berkeley last night - be on the lookout "the big game" cartoon caption contest. $50 in prizes and almost no entr... intersection and bancroft and telegraph not available intersection and bancroft and telegraph not available intersection and bancroft and telegraph not available intersection and bancroft and telegraph not available intersection and bancroft and telegraph not available intersection and bancroft and telegraph not available don't have anything to do tomorrow night? come to the squelchlive comed... don't have anything to do tomorrow night? come to the squelchlive comed... question about the legality of the strike. let's beat stanfurd at start-ups apartments experiences with sprint service? what's all this with striking on campus? this is my band, bear lincoln's first ep. recorded live (mostly) in a be... what do you need to get into the big game bonfire this friday? anyone have definitive information on union member's strike responsibil... anyone have definitive information on union member's strike responsibil... anyone have definitive information on union member's strike responsibil... what's with the "1350" stabbed into the ground in the field in front of... what's with the "1350" stabbed into the ground in the field in front of... what's with the "1350" stabbed into the ground in the field in front of... what are the application of cs174 in actual industrial setting uc gotham anyone? uc gotham anyone? uc gotham anyone? uc gotham anyone? uc gotham anyone? uc gotham anyone? uc gotham anyone? til stanford university's band has been banned from several campuses an... til stanford university's band has been banned from several campuses an... mom sent me this pic of my triple alumni &amp; uc employee father watch... mom sent me this pic of my triple alumni &amp; uc employee father watch... mom sent me this pic of my triple alumni &amp; uc employee father watch... mom sent me this pic of my triple alumni &amp; uc employee father watch... mom sent me this pic of my triple alumni &amp; uc employee father watch... mom sent me this pic of my triple alumni &amp; uc employee father watch... mom sent me this pic of my triple alumni &amp; uc employee father watch... any cal alumni in orange county/la wanna watch the big game? kevin hale(partner yc, founder wufoo, speaking fri, nov 22) at uc berkeley opinions on the norwegian exchange students? opinions on the norwegian exchange students? tickets for the big game? anyone else look back on their college experience and have a few regrets? anyone else look back on their college experience and have a few regrets? anyone else look back on their college experience and have a few regrets? anyone else look back on their college experience and have a few regrets? please help me! doing a survey for school and need lots of responses!! heading to berkeley today.. is there anywhere cool to buy artwork and wh... financial aid for international students sf chronicle: cal's shockingly low athletic admissions standards sf chronicle: cal's shockingly low athletic admissions standards sf chronicle: cal's shockingly low athletic admissions standards sf chronicle: cal's shockingly low athletic admissions standards sf chronicle: cal's shockingly low athletic admissions standards hot guy in front of doe - from girl with black hoodie government intrusion 2.0 coming soon to berkeley. berkeley's next smoki... government intrusion 2.0 coming soon to berkeley. berkeley's next smoki... government intrusion 2.0 coming soon to berkeley. berkeley's next smoki... memorial stadium: much prettier than the football currently played within memorial stadium: much prettier than the football currently played within memorial stadium: much prettier than the football currently played within memorial stadium: much prettier than the football currently played within memorial stadium: much prettier than the football currently played within memorial stadium: much prettier than the football currently played within memorial stadium: much prettier than the football currently played within memorial stadium: much prettier than the football currently played within moffit computer lab allows you to install flux. bears, stop melting you... moffit computer lab allows you to install flux. bears, stop melting you... moffit computer lab allows you to install flux. bears, stop melting you... moffit computer lab allows you to install flux. bears, stop melting you... hey, i'm a community college student aiming to transfer to berkeley? loo... arabic 30/intensive intermediate arabic/intensive language summer classes? can we have a "do you think i'll get in" thread? i can't be the only hig... looking for restaurant to go to before a concert. any suggestions??? hidden hunger: some students are scrimping, skipping meals to afford a ... hidden hunger: some students are scrimping, skipping meals to afford a ... hidden hunger: some students are scrimping, skipping meals to afford a ... hidden hunger: some students are scrimping, skipping meals to afford a ... hidden hunger: some students are scrimping, skipping meals to afford a ... uc student workers to strike november 20th anybody here from the east coast that wants to talk a little bit about g... what-would-cal-say hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... hey berkeley, here's a picture i took of our city during a lightning s... math 104/185. need help! from the frontpage: nice to know for sure now that i'm not a teen. found a likely lost cat in north oakland found a likely lost cat in north oakland uc student workers union passes strike authorization vote to everyone staying in berkeley for thanksgiving... to everyone staying in berkeley for thanksgiving... psa: tele-bears phase ii begins tomorrow, tues 11/12! psa: tele-bears phase ii begins tomorrow, tues 11/12! psa: tele-bears phase ii begins tomorrow, tues 11/12! psa: tele-bears phase ii begins tomorrow, tues 11/12! psa: tele-bears phase ii begins tomorrow, tues 11/12! psa: tele-bears phase ii begins tomorrow, tues 11/12! so someone suggested a beer appreciation group (fb link) any information on school of information courses, specifically grad level? best coffee houses/spots for studying outside of campus? suggestions for classes for a fun, easy, interesting last semester at be... help! looking for my friend tina, can't seem to find her anywhere - anyo... uc berkeley police crack down on drunks at cal game uc berkeley police crack down on drunks at cal game uc berkeley police crack down on drunks at cal game how useful are the business clubs/frats? inauguration of dirks. inauguration of dirks. inauguration of dirks. anyone up for a few beers tonight? anyone up for a few beers tonight? is veteran's day (monday) a campus holiday? berkeley housing options in january? anyone have a url for the cal-usc game? eecs undergrad looking for grad school advice man vs wild: berkeley (x-post r/san francisco) this is why we fucking can't have nice things. this is why we fucking can't have nice things. this is why we fucking can't have nice things. this is why we fucking can't have nice things. can anyone use the 3d printing vending machine on campus? winter break shorter than last year wtf winter break shorter than last year wtf quick summary on housing market "at berkeley" documentary by frederick wiseman. haven't seen anyone dis... "at berkeley" documentary by frederick wiseman. haven't seen anyone dis... "at berkeley" documentary by frederick wiseman. haven't seen anyone dis... has anyone taken the personal finance class? how is it? odd request: my classmate and i are looking to interview members of the... odd request: my classmate and i are looking to interview members of the... anyone want some blizzcon in a box stuff? recent grads looking for a start in athletics? cal ato is currently hiri... help finding this design but on a higher quality crew sweatshirt? how much do gsi's make? deciding between espm 114 (wildlife ecology) and espm 131 (soil microbio... univision (fusion) news plans to open a fully operational news bureau o... univision (fusion) news plans to open a fully operational news bureau o... univision (fusion) news plans to open a fully operational news bureau o... new fitness facility new fitness facility only in berkeley the story of the circular metallic sculptures on campus the story of the circular metallic sculptures on campus the story of the circular metallic sculptures on campus help with cal library proxy are there any elections today? a gsi strike is currently being voted on. a gsi strike is currently being voted on. saw this at a local shop. i live in japan. saw this at a local shop. i live in japan. saw this at a local shop. i live in japan. saw this at a local shop. i live in japan. saw this at a local shop. i live in japan. saw this at a local shop. i live in japan. saw this at a local shop. i live in japan. soldering iron? i received a rh housing offer. does the contract cost they offered me al... volunteer opportunities in berkeley stolen electric scooter on campus best off campus study spot? best off campus study spot? where to study on saturdays? internet not working, landlord being difficult. help! internet not working, landlord being difficult. help! how does the waitlist work (for pub pol c103, wealth and poverty)? cal vs arizona what do the different meal plans at bowles hall offer? participating in national novel writing month? check out the east bay ac... please help me validate a business idea is linear programming in ieor worth taking for a cs major going into sof... if there was walking dead spinoff at cal, the title sequence would look... if there was walking dead spinoff at cal, the title sequence would look... if there was walking dead spinoff at cal, the title sequence would look... if there was walking dead spinoff at cal, the title sequence would look... steinbeck debunker at berkeley library on saturday - (if you loved "trav... new class next semester: l&amp;s c30y biology for voters new class next semester: l&amp;s c30y biology for voters i have an awesome, vintage, authentic kimono that i want to wear for ha... i have an awesome, vintage, authentic kimono that i want to wear for ha... car broken into car broken into where can i learn public speaking? funny-- cal students get scared on their way to class by monsters. frats at berkeley? backwards sidewalk traffic at uc berkeley? berkeley wireless mesh network meetup berkeley wireless mesh network meetup grading options look bad for grad school? missing second midterm/final anyone into noise, experimental music, and similar? 2 two door cinema club tickets for tonight at the fox theatre bomb squad called to downtown berkeley bomb squad called to downtown berkeley villagecraft community events (workshops, classes, workout groups, pract... play rugby! no experience necessary. play rugby! no experience necessary. monks with books and cookies in berkeley anyone in poli sci 179 this semester? lost wallet? add/drop/grading option change deadlines anyone locked out of facebook? any battlefield 4 players? (pc) a in linear algerbra and b in differential equations at cc, how is my ma... want to get coffee? want to get coffee? want to get coffee? halloween week halloween week looking for a table tennis buddy (intermediate level) anyone hear those explosions in the background near downtown berkeley? ... anyone hear those explosions in the background near downtown berkeley? ... cal football team struggling in classroom, too cal football team struggling in classroom, too cal's own anime convention is taking place in 3 weeks! we ain't got stuff to do, up from la visiting friends, let's hang! motorcycles at berkeley? motorcycles at berkeley? honda accord lx stolen last night honda accord lx stolen last night honda accord lx stolen last night honda accord lx stolen last night uc davis pepper-spray officer awarded $38,000 for trauma suffered from ... uc davis pepper-spray officer awarded $38,000 for trauma suffered from ... uc davis pepper-spray officer awarded $38,000 for trauma suffered from ... uc davis pepper-spray officer awarded $38,000 for trauma suffered from ... calso v2.0 - got a school related question? ask here! [weekly thread] calso v2.0 - got a school related question? ask here! [weekly thread] what's the last class i should take at berkeley? getting from berkeley to sf late at night early morning who is alice waters?! who is alice waters?! who is alice waters?! who is alice waters?! who is alice waters?! who is alice waters?! who is alice waters?! berkeley ranks third on top places to live in us berkeley ranks third on top places to live in us berkeley ranks third on top places to live in us berkeley ranks third on top places to live in us berkeley ranks third on top places to live in us luck, smarts lead from uganda to uc berkeley luck, smarts lead from uganda to uc berkeley considerate smokers: where do you enjoy a cigarette? anyway to get airbears2 to work on nintendo 3ds? help in choosing a p.e. class? supercomputer? bart strike is over! bart strike is over! bart strike is over! bart strike is over! lost my microsoft office and needed to reinstall. how do i retrieve acti... don't forget your telebears appointment! don't forget your telebears appointment! don't forget your telebears appointment! don't forget your telebears appointment! don't forget your telebears appointment! southside blackouts stat 154 or cs 189? chess on/around campus? we need your input on improving students' learning experience at berkeley! anyone into coldwave, darkwave, minimal synth, post-punk, or similar gen... i may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options? i may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options? i may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options? i may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options? i may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options? i may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options? i may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options? i may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options? i may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options? i may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options? i may have been raped at a party last night, what are my options? cs9e: productive unix use - as useful as it sounds? serials for windows products looking for passengers for berkeley to sf carpool how long might this bart strike last? memorial stadium gym? why is thai basil closed why is thai basil closed looking for a carpool from berkeley to sf while bart is striking did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. did a speedpaint for /r/sketchdaily. i miss berkeley. renting workshop/garage space to restore cars in berkeley? need short term housing solution during bart strike are most buildings on campus open during the day on weekends? is it possible to take cs 61b and 61c at the same time? berkeley class project help! eli5: why bart workers are striking, and why it seems they've been doin... eli5: why bart workers are striking, and why it seems they've been doin... eli5: why bart workers are striking, and why it seems they've been doin... eli5: why bart workers are striking, and why it seems they've been doin... string of robberies prompts increased patrols -- are we safe? string of robberies prompts increased patrols -- are we safe? unions: bart workers on strike as of midnight how can i find a job in berkeley? has anyone here taken econ 131 with saez? dsp for mental issues? campus earthquake drill tomorrow (thursday) morning - 10:17 a.m. campus earthquake drill tomorrow (thursday) morning - 10:17 a.m. is the experience of stats 133 professor dependent? does berkeley have an active irc channel? recent cal grad having a tough time finding work recent cal grad having a tough time finding work calcentral, bmail, bspace, etc., school subjects aggregated in a clean ui calcentral, bmail, bspace, etc., school subjects aggregated in a clean ui calcentral, bmail, bspace, etc., school subjects aggregated in a clean ui mediator: no bart strike as negotiations continue parkour at cal has anyone been to mount diablo since the fire and have plants in the bu... berkeley parking question? cal alumni 2011 here! my npo, webs4charity, is holding a spookfest conte... no bart strike wednesday; bargaining to continue no bart strike wednesday; bargaining to continue no bart strike wednesday; bargaining to continue what's with all the flies in gourmet ghetto right now? north side gym opening soon? do all econ major pre reqs need to be taken at berkeley? interesting data-visualizations on the bart strike. interesting data-visualizations on the bart strike. interesting data-visualizations on the bart strike. interesting data-visualizations on the bart strike. anyone still looking for a team for campusmoviefest? what are the bell-looking things on the floor of wheeler auditorium? what are the bell-looking things on the floor of wheeler auditorium? what are the bell-looking things on the floor of wheeler auditorium? earthquake just now? earthquake just now? earthquake just now? earthquake just now? telebears is coming up... spring 2014 admit who didn't do fpf--what's it going to be like once i g... hope everyone had a great indigenous people's day! here's an open letter... 2013 cal football - tl;dr 2013 cal football - tl;dr 2013 cal football - tl;dr 2013 cal football - tl;dr 2013 cal football - tl;dr 2013 cal football - tl;dr ac transit union issues 72-hour strike notice bart strike postponed again... any women want to play in a co-ed soccer league? in the case that bart does strike, where should i park? sophomore here. questions about declaring applied math major... singing lessons by students? ads? what are some good courses for data science and analytic in spring 2014 breaking news: one more day with no bart strike breaking news: one more day with no bart strike transfer coe with not finished course at 5th semester not jewish but want to participate at hillel. who wants a toaster oven? what's with all the h.y.p.h.e.e. posters? student robbed at bus stop on channing - be aware of your surroundings! student robbed at bus stop on channing - be aware of your surroundings! student robbed at bus stop on channing - be aware of your surroundings! lan b4 time: game tournaments with prize pools! lan b4 time: game tournaments with prize pools! cal @ ucla livesteam sunday streets tomorrow (oct. 13) 11am-4pm sunday streets tomorrow (oct. 13) 11am-4pm describe your shitting experiences in the dorms. the uc student employees union has been in contract negotiations with u... the uc student employees union has been in contract negotiations with u... this helmet doesn't look exactly regulation... does berkeley have coed showers? does berkeley have coed showers? pretty great 1-on-1 with sonny dykes no bart strike friday &amp; weekend; negotiations to continue through w... no bart strike friday &amp; weekend; negotiations to continue through w... can i get a d- in a cs upper div and still graduate . it's pretty hard t... question about community college course evaluations local entrepreneur group seeks members: interested? musicians: advice? halloween parties? ah. a day in the life. ah. a day in the life. ah. a day in the life. ah. a day in the life. ah. a day in the life. entering midterm season... entering midterm season... entering midterm season... entering midterm season... where's the best place for me to sell my clothes? question about cs 61 series smoking in berkeley - submit and vote on ideas to improve the city's smo... one rolled pant leg president barack obama to nominate cal's janet yellen for fed chair president barack obama to nominate cal's janet yellen for fed chair president barack obama to nominate cal's janet yellen for fed chair president barack obama to nominate cal's janet yellen for fed chair bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears bears it's mental health awareness week, and the middle of midterm season. ha... it's mental health awareness week, and the middle of midterm season. ha... it's mental health awareness week, and the middle of midterm season. ha... it's mental health awareness week, and the middle of midterm season. ha... it's mental health awareness week, and the middle of midterm season. ha... it's mental health awareness week, and the middle of midterm season. ha... it's mental health awareness week, and the middle of midterm season. ha... it's mental health awareness week, and the middle of midterm season. ha... any chemistry graduate students on here? 2013 econ grads, around what time did you get a job offer and when did y... violin rentals? california lawmakers demand a state investigation into colleges' inadequ... randy schekman's nobel morning! randy schekman's nobel morning! randy schekman's nobel morning! randy schekman's nobel morning! i want to start a decal. experiences or tips or a partner perhaps? berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 nobel prize in medicine. berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 nobel prize in medicine. berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 nobel prize in medicine. berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 nobel prize in medicine. berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 nobel prize in medicine. berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 nobel prize in medicine. berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 nobel prize in medicine. berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 nobel prize in medicine. berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 nobel prize in medicine. berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 nobel prize in medicine. berkeley professor one of three awarded 2013 nobel prize in medicine. students losing body hair leads to closure of berkeley high school pool... students losing body hair leads to closure of berkeley high school pool... earthquake? earthquake? earthquake? earthquake? earthquake? music 20a "creative approach to music fundamentals" by duckworth. randy schekman awarded 2013 nobel prize in physiology or medicine got parked up on grizzly peak at just the right time tonight got parked up on grizzly peak at just the right time tonight got parked up on grizzly peak at just the right time tonight got parked up on grizzly peak at just the right time tonight i have a bunch of freshmen on my dorm floor who have never been to sf b... i have a bunch of freshmen on my dorm floor who have never been to sf b... [task] anyone want to make $15? i need some flyers put up. while the 'football' team is in the dumps, cal's soccer team has had an... while the 'football' team is in the dumps, cal's soccer team has had an... while the 'football' team is in the dumps, cal's soccer team has had an... while the 'football' team is in the dumps, cal's soccer team has had an... while the 'football' team is in the dumps, cal's soccer team has had an... while the 'football' team is in the dumps, cal's soccer team has had an... while the 'football' team is in the dumps, cal's soccer team has had an... watch out for counterfeit money. watch out for counterfeit money. watch out for counterfeit money. watch out for counterfeit money. now that the spring '14 schedule is online.. anyone up for afternoon boardgames or frisbee? cal football: 1-4 for the season so far and a crushing 44-22 loss today.... where is the best place in berkeley for international houseguests to get... taxi service other than uber easy, online-only jobs like data entry? questions about local camping opportunities where's the fire? where's the fire? where's the fire? gameday - anything i should know? library staff billing me for book they lost nearest chase atm? does anyone know when the fall '14 schedule will go up? uc berkeley bathroom graffiti - the wit and wisdom of pooping people wi... uc berkeley bathroom graffiti - the wit and wisdom of pooping people wi... uc berkeley bathroom graffiti - the wit and wisdom of pooping people wi... uc berkeley bathroom graffiti - the wit and wisdom of pooping people wi... uc berkeley bathroom graffiti - the wit and wisdom of pooping people wi... uc berkeley bathroom graffiti - the wit and wisdom of pooping people wi... does berkeley offer any music classes that focus on mix engineering and ... need a favor from someone in the berkeley area. (regarding the bethesda... need a favor from someone in the berkeley area. (regarding the bethesda... anyone know if this mike pawlawski beer is real? popular berkeley bloggers or social media accounts? i need dodgeball teammates source of the explosion, removed today (high voltage switch) source of the explosion, removed today (high voltage switch) source of the explosion, removed today (high voltage switch) source of the explosion, removed today (high voltage switch) source of the explosion, removed today (high voltage switch) source of the explosion, removed today (high voltage switch) source of the explosion, removed today (high voltage switch) source of the explosion, removed today (high voltage switch) source of the explosion, removed today (high voltage switch) source of the explosion, removed today (high voltage switch) source of the explosion, removed today (high voltage switch) berkeley kids are hardcore berkeley kids are hardcore berkeley kids are hardcore berkeley kids are hardcore #2 trending topic on yahoo #2 trending topic on yahoo #2 trending topic on yahoo #2 trending topic on yahoo #2 trending topic on yahoo does anyone know where i can find a wheelchair? i just want everyone to know that the la times... i just want everyone to know that the la times... i just want everyone to know that the la times... i just want everyone to know that the la times... i just want everyone to know that the la times... i just want everyone to know that the la times... i just want everyone to know that the la times... i just want everyone to know that the la times... i just want everyone to know that the la times... i just want everyone to know that the la times... i just want everyone to know that the la times... i just want everyone to know that the la times... evil mushroom cloud from the explosion evil mushroom cloud from the explosion evil mushroom cloud from the explosion evil mushroom cloud from the explosion evil mushroom cloud from the explosion evil mushroom cloud from the explosion evil mushroom cloud from the explosion priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. priorities. list of buildings without power (and thus where classes are cancelled) list of buildings without power (and thus where classes are cancelled) list of buildings without power (and thus where classes are cancelled) picture: students take midterms by flashlight/cellphone-light picture: students take midterms by flashlight/cellphone-light picture: students take midterms by flashlight/cellphone-light picture: students take midterms by flashlight/cellphone-light picture: students take midterms by flashlight/cellphone-light picture: students take midterms by flashlight/cellphone-light picture: students take midterms by flashlight/cellphone-light evacuate campus evacuate campus evacuate campus evacuate campus evacuate campus evacuate campus evacuate campus evacuate campus evacuate campus evacuate campus i'm thinking about moving to berkeley looking for ride to santa cruz a message from the student advocate's office: if you or anyone else you... a message from the student advocate's office: if you or anyone else you... a message from the student advocate's office: if you or anyone else you... a message from the student advocate's office: if you or anyone else you... a message from the student advocate's office: if you or anyone else you... what the exploding grate looked like this morning. is class cancelled tomorrow? is class cancelled tomorrow? is class cancelled tomorrow? what's up with campus power outages today? what's up with campus power outages today? what's up with campus power outages today? what's up with campus power outages today? awkwardly enough, i was about to leave as well. . . campus emergency- all are encouraged to evacuate campus and return to y... campus emergency- all are encouraged to evacuate campus and return to y... campus emergency- all are encouraged to evacuate campus and return to y... just moved in near the berkeley bowl. i think my girlfriend and i have ... just moved in near the berkeley bowl. i think my girlfriend and i have ... campus officials declare emergency following explosion around californi... campus officials declare emergency following explosion around californi... warn me isn't working warn me isn't working 50 things to do in berkeley before you die explosion on campus, government shutting down... only one answer: zombie... possibility that the outage and explosion were caused by a copper theft ... large explosion on campus bspace down? does anyone know if there will be any protests on campus tomorrow? anyone in anthro c125a/japan 176? does the school have any counseling programs for student depression? does the school have any counseling programs for student depression? does the school have any counseling programs for student depression? does the school have any counseling programs for student depression? does the school have any counseling programs for student depression? anyone interested in forming a hardcore adventure club? confused norwegian with a stupid question what are your thoughts on cal's branding problem? what are your thoughts on cal's branding problem? what is the best sushi place in berkeley? was there a shooting near unit 2? was there a shooting near unit 2? was there a shooting near unit 2? hq stream of cal vs oregon - copy this link into vlc media player hq stream of cal vs oregon - copy this link into vlc media player hq stream of cal vs oregon - copy this link into vlc media player any breaking bad finale viewing parties at berkeley? any breaking bad finale viewing parties at berkeley? any breaking bad finale viewing parties at berkeley? seeking suggestions: good place to eat, celebrate my wife's birthday. i'... any internet marketers here? apartment hunting! non-cs guy looking for hardcore cs help just had my fjallraven kanken 17'' backpack stolen from the fsm cafe. just had my fjallraven kanken 17'' backpack stolen from the fsm cafe. where can i buy men's dress shoes? where can i buy men's dress shoes? cal band doing their thing cal band doing their thing cal band doing their thing cal band doing their thing cal band doing their thing some sweet, sweet uc berkeley circlejerk from former secretary of state. creative writing club(s) on campus? fresh squeezed juice on southside, preferably near rsf? in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... in main stacks right now... beyond wonderland should i keep the class or drop it? cs61a what happens if you are below the 13-unit limit for l&amp;s? any info on being a student assistant at berkeley (amount paid, etc.)? ios 7 and airbears don't forget to add/drop your classes by the 27th! don't forget to add/drop your classes by the 27th! don't forget to add/drop your classes by the 27th! don't forget to add/drop your classes by the 27th! don't forget to add/drop your classes by the 27th! where are the poker players? need dire tech support! anybody else get this hilarious email? anybody else get this hilarious email? anybody else get this hilarious email? anybody else get this hilarious email? anybody else get this hilarious email? massive car chase down university?? massive car chase down university?? anyone down to watch the final game of america's cup tomorrow? what did you take to fulfill american cultures? the husband of us senator dianne feinstein (richard blum, a uc regent) ... the husband of us senator dianne feinstein (richard blum, a uc regent) ... the husband of us senator dianne feinstein (richard blum, a uc regent) ... the husband of us senator dianne feinstein (richard blum, a uc regent) ... the husband of us senator dianne feinstein (richard blum, a uc regent) ... the husband of us senator dianne feinstein (richard blum, a uc regent) ... co-op parties? getting to monterey market?