 apartment sublease! cheap, and great amenities best places to see live music around here? opinions on fraternities this is a long shot but i found a some keys. recommended economics courses 1bed/1bath apt for sublease graduate school application ua library public service announcement ua library public service announcement ua library public service announcement any recommendations of a good place for a guy to get a haircut? how does a "w" for a class affect me? the lofts available through university housing next year. sublease availiable honors dorms vs regular dorms to all the little shits on the ua class of 2018 page who think they're ... to all the little shits on the ua class of 2018 page who think they're ... to all the little shits on the ua class of 2018 page who think they're ... crosspost /r/birmingham: knights of badassdom showing meetup university of alabama secretly censors pro-life display where is the best toilet on campus? where is the best toilet on campus? where is the best toilet on campus? classes on thursday (2/13) snowpocalypse episode 3? "after hours" computer lab on campus classes are cancelled after 3:30pm today. why is it snowing again!? greek preview day mrw when rashaan evans signed with us today! mrw when rashaan evans signed with us today! where is the best place to have study group on campus? thank you, based weather thank you, based weather so... so... no school tomorrow wed. january 29 mayor maddox releases local emergency declaration classes are cancelled! classes are cancelled! j-bo, you are a goddess. any good ideas for the day off? it's been snowing for 3 hours. half life 3 confirmed. roll tide. any info on school tomorrow with the weather being as it is? anyone need a roommate for next year? what gets your vote as the friendliest club on campus? any good place to take naps around campus? the official cold weather uniform of greeks the official cold weather uniform of greeks the official cold weather uniform of greeks docs.google.com redirects to a mybama login screen. why? does anyone know a good tailor in tuscaloosa? how to deal with the boredom of being a sober person surrounded by drunks? woodlands sublease is it possible to add a class past the deadline? picture i took of people making snowman in front of shelby picture i took of people making snowman in front of shelby has anyone ever appealed a grade before? good four hour class for a freshman engineer? (alternative to cal iii) anyone living at the highlands? best isp in tuscaloosa? nole tide everyone. now everyone can hate auburn! what programming languages are most used in a computer science based pro... six month lease for next fall? look on the bright side look on the bright side cheapest place to purchase alcohol in tuscaloosa? alabama student arrested for manslaughter in texas alabama student arrested for manslaughter in texas possible suicidal student, does anyone know this person? [x-post from /... possible suicidal student, does anyone know this person? [x-post from /... bored in tuscaloosa has anyone here ever taken kin-170(beginning karate)? is it possible to torrent on dorm wifi? has anyone taken cs120 &amp; mis295 at the same time? can someone tell me what to expect from gba 490? i understand the game is over and a loss is a loss, but this is absolut... i understand the game is over and a loss is a loss, but this is absolut... auburn will never know the pain of consistent excellence. auburn will never know the pain of consistent excellence. we bleed crimson (alabama anthem) - by jacob stiefel (stee-full) when does the iron bowl start today? i just woke up from a horrible dream. when does the iron bowl start today? i just woke up from a horrible dream. when does the iron bowl start today? i just woke up from a horrible dream. well considering the entire world just fell apart, can we petition them... well considering the entire world just fell apart, can we petition them... i'm grieving and didn't know where else to turn... discussion thread: what is the best way to bring people into group meeti... posters? hello? can anyone hear me? crimson tide football song [cross post from /r/rolltide] if you thought vice made the greeks look bad, check this shit out... national merit research/travel money question what is there to do on gameday? i hate i'm having to do this but i'm selling my ps4 and two games. sorry... has anyone gotten an email about sec tickets? a day in the life of alabama head football coach nick saban bars to watch the game in college gameday sublease coming available in january 2014 intolerance off: alabama vs. mississippi intolerance off: alabama vs. mississippi good places to go camping? legit mexican food? any fellow texans? tuscaloosa public library: never pay for audiobook/e-books again what's blount like? fire alarms following the wave of asking for class suggestions, i am senior in need ... what are some easy humanities classes? why is mallet the end-all, be-all of diversity on campus? why is mallet the end-all, be-all of diversity on campus? why is mallet the end-all, be-all of diversity on campus? why is mallet the end-all, be-all of diversity on campus? what is the easiest natural science other than bsc 108? alabama reviewing mass exodus of students from bryant-denny stadium, cou... is there anyone who would be willing to give up/sell a student ticket fo... south asian at alabama? ua ranked as #4 sexiest college. who cares what the criteria were! ua ranked as #4 sexiest college. who cares what the criteria were! vice did a feature on student life at ua. any dota 2 players out there? keg questions kelly horwitz's attorneys spell out alleged voter misconduct in brief f... kelly horwitz's attorneys spell out alleged voter misconduct in brief f... anyone here from the mobile area who drives down there often on breaks/w... theta nu epsilon (aka 'the machine') invites you to attend a public meet... good places to star gaze in tuscaloosa/northport? simple 1 credit class looking for games from the past. come support chloe's cup come support chloe's cup anyone want to be steam friends? hey guys! the capstone chapter of the american assembly for men in nursi... black women accept bids what would be an ideal time to show up to the stadium on gameday? have i blown it? please, help me. have i blown it? please, help me. parking for the weekend? two questions and a comment. univ. of alabama sga suspends student organization seating for home opener there's always one moron. join us tomorrow sept 18 to stand in the school house door join us tomorrow sept 18 to stand in the school house door jbo speaks out on racial integration of ua sororities to raise awareness of what's going on at the university of alabama. roll tide alabama president meets with sorority advisers behind closed doors alabama president meets with sorority advisers behind closed doors worth every one of those 15 yards worth every one of those 15 yards worth every one of those 15 yards pledging suspended. pledge injured in hazing incident? corporate bets over waffles and coffee -- if alabama beats a&amp;m, we ... corporate bets over waffles and coffee -- if alabama beats a&amp;m, we ... corporate bets over waffles and coffee -- if alabama beats a&amp;m, we ... very well written article about the racial barriers on campus very well written article about the racial barriers on campus here's an interesting email the prez of pi phi sent to her 'sisters' las... in a shocking move, the administration sets a new bar for how small a re... now, the new york times is looking at ua. now, the new york times is looking at ua. and it keeps getting better. racist alumnae is now a national story. and it keeps getting better. racist alumnae is now a national story. the crimson white ran this great article exposing racism in sororities.... the crimson white ran this great article exposing racism in sororities.... the crimson white ran this great article exposing racism in sororities.... cheap vending machines? yelawolf and these guys at the jupiter oct. 11th hey guys, i missed the last time "celebrating achievement" was played. ... hey guys, i missed the last time "celebrating achievement" was played. ... hey guys, i missed the last time "celebrating achievement" was played. ... hey guys, i missed the last time "celebrating achievement" was played. ... a couple of updates can we get the comment section of this subreddit fixed? rumor is bonner is being forced to resign due to ties with the voting f... rumor is bonner is being forced to resign due to ties with the voting f... where can i go stargazing? looking for another lady interested in starting a lifting routine. the latest "feel good" email from bonner, concerning voter fraud one night in tuscaloosa, looking for a party and i live in a dorm full of english majors? and i live in a dorm full of english majors? tuscaloosa meetup! ua administration still silent on voter fraud so happy football is back. my view of the championship game student away tickets for a&amp;m game. state law was violated on tuesday. state law was violated on tuesday. it's game day! can someone tell me a good place to take a nap on campus? does anyone have parking advice for the georgia dome? votes for drinks. the corrupt politics of ua. votes for drinks. the corrupt politics of ua. votes for drinks. the corrupt politics of ua. student section at alabama, fans are getting a little bored with all the winning at alabama, fans are getting a little bored with all the winning whether you agree or not, this opinion piece is painful to read. sorry r... so, when did it sink in that you were a college student? 1000 subscribers! anyone want to play tennis? seeking immediately: a 1 hour filler/ "blow off" course selling tickets capstone fantasy football good way to find clubs to join? accounting students: have you attended any socials? (incoming freshman) where is the nearest place to buy those fucking shor... announcing: the r/capstone wiki announcing: the r/capstone wiki bars in tuscaloosa? am i the only one who can't see the third comment reply? this has to be ... does anyone know how to go about setting up a television at a tailgate? does anyone know if local banks are offering deals to open a checking ac... another reason to avoid geek squad: nude photos of university of alabam... another reason to avoid geek squad: nude photos of university of alabam... another reason to avoid geek squad: nude photos of university of alabam... advice from a recent graduate. advice from a recent graduate. anyone on campus early? new to area. fun things to do? date ideas? anyone know about tut and guys? looking for a dance partner! reply if vaguely interested~ what is there to do at ua? besides fraternity or sorority. opinions about palmer hall what are some of the things i really need? who the fuck has 119 hours? who the fuck has 119 hours? another home tix sell? steel city pops is opening a tuscaloosa location this weekend! steel city pops is opening a tuscaloosa location this weekend! advice for incoming freshmen v2.0 advice for incoming freshmen v2.0 jobs on/near campus afrotc does anybody know when the opt-in for away tickets is? interview day dress code? is it risky to rent out a room for the fall only? i just left this recipe on the cheap recipe thread and figured i'd leave... away game football tickets? transfer student orientations are on fridays, so if you show up to the ... transfer student orientations are on fridays, so if you show up to the ... thanks for the great meetup, everyone. /s thanks for the great meetup, everyone. /s capstone meetup 2013 in capstone (please comment if you're attending) cost of tuition rises by 2.72%. here is the history of it since 1985. cost of tuition rises by 2.72%. here is the history of it since 1985. capstone meetup 2013 who wants to meet up? ua president's brother rep. jo bonner resigning from congress to take ua... sub-leasing at university village for fall 2013 reddit's annual meetup is june 15th. any plans, tuscaloosa? reddit's annual meetup is june 15th. any plans, tuscaloosa? how it feels to live in alabama sometimes how it feels to live in alabama sometimes how it feels to live in alabama sometimes how it feels to live in alabama sometimes how it feels to live in alabama sometimes how it feels to live in alabama sometimes how it feels to live in alabama sometimes how it feels to live in alabama sometimes how it feels to live in alabama sometimes ua alumni, unique hip-hop artist kicks off summer tour at rounders 5/15.... i know i'm not the only redditor in this colosseum. so roll tide you ma... i know i'm not the only redditor in this colosseum. so roll tide you ma... i know i'm not the only redditor in this colosseum. so roll tide you ma... i know i'm not the only redditor in this colosseum. so roll tide you ma... i know i'm not the only redditor in this colosseum. so roll tide you ma... i know i'm not the only redditor in this colosseum. so roll tide you ma... i know i'm not the only redditor in this colosseum. so roll tide you ma... i know i'm not the only redditor in this colosseum. so roll tide you ma... i know i'm not the only redditor in this colosseum. so roll tide you ma... i know i won't be the only one that will be nervously clicking this sub... i know i won't be the only one that will be nervously clicking this sub... i know i won't be the only one that will be nervously clicking this sub... i'm interested in the bsme mechanical engineering online program (dothan... looking to sublease a room in my apartment for the summer (1br/1ba) any android: netrunner players around? free cookies !! lost wristlet to anyone who likes electronic music and shows with said music does anyone know what happened to the soup guy at fresh foods? any electronic cigarette users out there? do y'all know how the student section for a day works? i want me and my ... shoutout to those identical twins that wear the exact same outfits and ... shoutout to those identical twins that wear the exact same outfits and ... starting a club? in need of a sublease this summer. my rep.'s response to an email regarding hb 550 no class after 12:15 today psa: the abortion demonstration on the quad is happening psa: the abortion demonstration on the quad is happening psa: the abortion demonstration on the quad is happening chicken and waffle lays in tuscaloosa!? anyone want to play tennis? is there a local hackerspace or similar campus club? bill to legalize marijuana introduced in alabama (x-post from r/trees) bill to legalize marijuana introduced in alabama (x-post from r/trees) bill to legalize marijuana introduced in alabama (x-post from r/trees) like this page and support our fledgling production company of students ... rising freshman and have some questions. so, this is what our spring break looks like. so, this is what our spring break looks like. so, this is what our spring break looks like. on campus for the break mal moore to step down as ua athletics director, become special assista... mal moore to step down as ua athletics director, become special assista... staff reporter fabricated sources in cw a day for scammy campus entrepreneurs does anyone know what the hell happened to the pita pit on the strip?  my sister's cat showing some bama spirit  alabama rural health scholars program vote for archibald's in bbq bracket through friday new geo-political simulator anyone believe they are experienced in photoshop and want to lend me a h... hello r/capstone!! ua students in the tcf department are filming a tv pi... cw's take on judy bonner (a la south park) cw's take on judy bonner (a la south park) cw's take on judy bonner (a la south park) cw's take on judy bonner (a la south park) cw's take on judy bonner (a la south park) students for sensible drug policy is planning a protest! where is the best place to go for trivia? former ua library administrator killed in home invasion radical rant - ridiculous wasteful university of alabama pot bust at least someone in tuscaloosa understands our plight... at least someone in tuscaloosa understands our plight... at least someone in tuscaloosa understands our plight... at least someone in tuscaloosa understands our plight... at least someone in tuscaloosa understands our plight... chantepleure press launch party at green bar on thursday night!  looking for a c# tutor welp... we're famous, ladies and gents.  welp... we're famous, ladies and gents.  welp... we're famous, ladies and gents.  player preview: eddie lacy, rb, alabama vote for eddie lacy for ea sport's ncaa football cover vote. we are losi... word of advice for capstone ents: lay low for a while.  word of advice for capstone ents: lay low for a while.  word of advice for capstone ents: lay low for a while.  any strip clubs around here? is anyone else getting emails meant for incoming students? bad day for campus entrepreneurs bad day for campus entrepreneurs coming down for a college visit from ohio in a few weeks with my father ... player preview: dee milliner, cb, alabama game of thrones board game? anyone into text based games? theta tau will be hosting a video game tournament to raise money for re... theta tau will be hosting a video game tournament to raise money for re... exam booklets in light of a newly discovered open listserv, the coe contemplates the ... in light of a newly discovered open listserv, the coe contemplates the ... in light of a newly discovered open listserv, the coe contemplates the ... do any apartments here overlook bad credit? roommates for 2013/2014 university of alabama ranks first among public universities in enrollme... university of alabama ranks first among public universities in enrollme... alabama's weight room got a face lift alabama's weight room got a face lift i'm thinking about having a movie night this weekend to watch this maste... do you hate it here? academic honor council we made bingo to get through campus moviefest  five minute documentary about the silo in northport. nasa celebrates alabama national championship nasa celebrates alabama national championship anyone here with an interest in computer security/low level programming? for anyone interested, dispatch is coming to birmingham on may 30  any apartment recommendations? hardaway hall hardaway hall what song is played during warm-ups at bryant denny? grab some friends and come to mellow mushroom for $2 pints and trivia to... looking to sublease an apartment this fall trivia tonight at the downtown pub from 7 to 9.  need help finding a venue track near campus? celebration crowd today. roll tide yall. celebration crowd today. roll tide yall. james hood, one of first black students at u. of ala., dies james hood, one of first black students at u. of ala., dies a friend and i are looking to change into a suite style room in one of t... snow on the quad snow on the quad snow on the quad snow on the quad snow on the quad snow on the quad snow on the quad snow on the quad snow on the quad found on the 4th floor of gordon palmer - i took one. found on the 4th floor of gordon palmer - i took one. found on the 4th floor of gordon palmer - i took one. i took this picture last time it snowed in tuscaloosa. the end times are nigh! snowpocalypse 2013 begins! student guest ticket for basketball? anyone want to buy an xbox 360 for $100? i was just accepted to the university of alabama for engineering. i am f... really great music video by the script and will i. am about our bcs nat... really great music video by the script and will i. am about our bcs nat... a rather impromptu meet-up tonight at wilhagen's anyone have a hd 101 or cs 340 textbook that they could sell me??? prospective graduate student and i have some questions. is anyone here a future student that is going to be going to the capston... roll tide. roll tide. roll tide. roll tide. roll tide. calling all writers!  chantepleure press is a new, small chapbook press ... what do kids wear at bama? anybody know of anyone hiring in tuscaloosa? anyone want/need a ride to miami? president of mallet assembly - ama president of mallet assembly - ama what are some fun things to do in tuscaloosa before school starts? what are some fun things to do in tuscaloosa before school starts? super-cheap off campus housing? dad's reaction to getting a ticket to bcs national championship (x-post... dad's reaction to getting a ticket to bcs national championship (x-post... writing an article about the "gluten-free diet" trend and need to interv... looking for a roommate, 295$ without utilities. would i fit in at ua? tell me about dr. neggers who's ready for the national championship?   who's ready for the national championship?   eco 309 4 bedrooms (3br of 3br and 1br of 2br) up for sublease in university-vil... help a girl out charles "terry" brown - bama linebacker class of '85 looking for friends who are into programming/game design! anyone want to go see the hobbit friday night? message from a fellow redditor hope everyone does well on their exams !!!  be safe if you are travelli... hope everyone does well on their exams !!!  be safe if you are travelli... i met someone interesting in the gorgas coffee shop. long shot but mayb... i met someone interesting in the gorgas coffee shop. long shot but mayb... what is that god awful smell? in the basement of gorgas... anyone going to the atlanta area after finals? how much do scalped bcsncg tickets sell for on the day of the game? best restaurants to take a date? former student threatens school officials former student threatens school officials these videos make me cry a little every time bama majorettes on egotastic! rsc-n question! got arrested. will i still be accepted? ua redditor meetup this saturday! i need a natural science class, which should it be? what are some cool bars in tuscaloosa? gene chizik fired! gene chizik fired! iron bowl 2012 tl;dr iron bowl 2012 tl;dr happy rivalry week, everybody. happy rivalry week, everybody. happy rivalry week, everybody. r/capstone meetup: round 3 next meetup? "losing doesn't make me want to quit.  it makes me want to fight that m... "losing doesn't make me want to quit.  it makes me want to fight that m... "losing doesn't make me want to quit.  it makes me want to fight that m... splorin' chronicles bama vs lsu celebration at university village question about class registration. need a fun blow off class!! tell me, have you seen the sororiturtle in the wild? tell me, have you seen the sororiturtle in the wild? tell me, have you seen the sororiturtle in the wild? tell me, have you seen the sororiturtle in the wild? bill nye was at auburn last week how do i make a club? rumor has it that someone drove a truck into riverside west last night. ... hey, aaa members! who drew this? it's awesome. hey, aaa members! who drew this? it's awesome. good restaurants that do delivery? new app from the student who made red cup, rabbit hole! randomly pulls i... judy bonner named president of ua, not on an interim basis this time. judy bonner named president of ua, not on an interim basis this time. some questions from a prospective freshman! guy bailey steps down as university president guy bailey steps down as university president anyone from blount in the mood to answer a few questions? anyone looking to relocate in t-town or get out of the dorms? open retre... tuscaloosa's own callooh! callay! releases their new album, talk, today.... best professor for gba 490? mallet assembly? best alabama football video ever made. no question. curb alert--loveseat  what is the best place to live sublease at crimson student living social life on campus? looking for two roommates for fall/spring 2013 bryant-denny during the ole miss game  bryant-denny during the ole miss game  bryant-denny during the ole miss game  mark nelson speaks on 2012 fraternity pledgeship cancellation at ua - yo... this is what happens when someone talks to the cw--more people come forward i got my patches for my scrubs in the mail the other day and realized t... i got my patches for my scrubs in the mail the other day and realized t... if enough people from alabama sign up for dropbox spacerace we will get ... anyone else catch this face on the free color-changing cups from the sup... university of alabama employee dies of heat stroke on the job/ media st... university of alabama employee dies of heat stroke on the job/ media st... university of alabama employee dies of heat stroke on the job/ media st... and i thought uapd was bad.  naked tripping guy fatally shot by campus p... a hidden supply of ua redditors a hidden supply of ua redditors decided to finally start 'splorin the ua campus. where are some cool pla... nice little piece on dinner with strangers, which is a ferguson center d... mkt 300 online vs lecture? installing subwoofers? anyone here go to counterpoint? to the girl who broke and entered to use the bathroom saturday night... to the girl who broke and entered to use the bathroom saturday night... to the girl who broke and entered to use the bathroom saturday night... could someone help me figure out how to get to my appointment on tuesday? chat roulette (x-post from r/funny) chat roulette (x-post from r/funny) is it possible to connect a wii to wifi? new to reddit, sad i didn't join sooner free 1 year old cat to good home, all accessories (litter box, food, toy... article on comic series set locally an awesome film about the energy industry is being shown on campus next ... alright, who wrote it?  alright, who wrote it?  what is that awful smell that is all around campus? first bama shirt i've bought in a while. i think it's a keeper. first bama shirt i've bought in a while. i think it's a keeper. first bama shirt i've bought in a while. i think it's a keeper. anybody do martial arts around here? anyone want to meet up tomorrow to watch the bama/arkansas game before t... adorable kittens in hardaway hall, free to a good home. international relations and free trips! come join airc thursday in bidgo... cw gets a good contributor i missed the club showcase thing that they did on the quad yesterday. wh... i hear it's quite good. any ras here? i really need help with the ra application any other insomniacs? rolltide is a valid coupon code on papajohns.com, whereas wareagle is not. rolltide is a valid coupon code on papajohns.com, whereas wareagle is not. the concept that comes to mind when walking about campus this time of year my ufc experience at the wku game. built by passion, built by you, built by bama video when i see the chalk writing in front of bb comer when i see the chalk writing in front of bb comer when i see the chalk writing in front of bb comer want to learn to program? need computer science related help? looking for a che major who is good at thermo. my thoughts about the ua meetup my thoughts about the ua meetup fantasy football after a few weeks on campus i realized.... after a few weeks on campus i realized.... after a few weeks on campus i realized.... after a few weeks on campus i realized.... put an independent on the ballot petition initiative today and tomorrow ... minecraft server? the crimson white wants to know what you think about the obama ama free kittens! need help setting up bashinsky lab anywhere and connecting to vpn ticket-selling tips? surviving paty's smell or why i love dorming with an engineering major. what the hell is there to do here if you are not involved in greek life? anyone need any furniture? what is that music coming from the 4th floor of paty? ua official reddit meetup! are there any stand up comedy open mics around t-town? gives me goosebumbs. hi there, we're a new-ish band from tuscaloosa/birmingham called looksy.... how does the football ticket points system work? update: national college reddit meetup poll local baker sent cease and desist order for selling baked goods with scr... alright guys, where are we meeting up for this? anyone know any good places to get a haircut? dungeons &amp; dragons group ws 200 online? anyone else having internet problems?  i'm sitting at a 2k ping with goo... multi-doug theory.  to the attendees of derek's meet-up: looking for a hitting partner. man named walter white wanted on meth charges in tuscaloosa county!				... man named walter white wanted on meth charges in tuscaloosa county!				... any serious smash bros players here? want ios developers and designers. the capstoners fantasy football league auburn running back news. dedicated day of service (x-post with r/tuscaloosa) ha! suck it lsu ha! suck it lsu looks like the lsu game might be as tough as previously expected  questions about home football games... anyone know how to look at past student bills? hey /r/capstone, some cool things are about to start up at the business ... okay who put this in the hole in the wall at ridgecrest east. okay who put this in the hole in the wall at ridgecrest east. okay who put this in the hole in the wall at ridgecrest east. official r/capstone meetup/potluck thread official r/capstone meetup/potluck thread issues with jobs.ua.edu beginning of the year meetup? i figure this could be something good for... beginning of the year meetup? i figure this could be something good for... i was told this would be appreciated here (x-post from r/pics) i was told this would be appreciated here (x-post from r/pics) i was told this would be appreciated here (x-post from r/pics) i was told this would be appreciated here (x-post from r/pics) i was told this would be appreciated here (x-post from r/pics) i was told this would be appreciated here (x-post from r/pics) skating/longboarding? free shit! incoming freshman here. what piece of advice do you wish someone had gi... incoming freshman here. what piece of advice do you wish someone had gi... so i'm pretty pumped, guys... so i'm pretty pumped, guys... copper top shooting suspect in custody. tpd press conference at 1. copper top shooting suspect in custody. tpd press conference at 1. gunshots fired in temerson square, at least 16 people injured  gunshots fired in temerson square, at least 16 people injured  easiest/best n core requirement class? has anyone been mailed a copy of the mosaic magazine? fantasy football league freshman for fall 2012 looking to flesh out schedule a bit - suggestions? kristen saban sued for drunken attack, motion to dismiss lawsuit filed. kristen saban sued for drunken attack, motion to dismiss lawsuit filed. guy bailey y'all just wanted to say... just wanted to say... so many trophies, so little space... so many trophies, so little space... michigan game ticket are there any good piano teachers near campus? hey capstone - i'm conducting a short survey about learning management s... what exactly is mallet assembly? texas tech president leading candidate for ua president  birmingham fox 6 weatherman hilariously becomes socially awkward penguin in a single room in paty for fall 2012, some questions... rip rose towers rip rose towers rip rose towers rip rose towers rip rose towers the rose towers implosion made cnn goodnight, sweet prince... anyone tried out mr chen's ? sherrill realty and ridiculous cleaning charges hey r/capstone! i work at corks and tops on bryant drive, come see us f... hey r/capstone! i work at corks and tops on bryant drive, come see us f... ua softball's coach murray and jackie traina are up for espys. voting en... druid city brewing co. feels tuscaloosa is 'thirsty' for its own brewer... druid city brewing co. feels tuscaloosa is 'thirsty' for its own brewer... any crimson tide athletes or alumni in the upcoming olympics? i wrote a latex document class for university of alabama theses and i ha... i want a milkshake. the meetup went great! we happen to run into this beautiful man at surin the meetup went great! we happen to run into this beautiful man at surin the meetup went great! we happen to run into this beautiful man at surin the meetup went great! we happen to run into this beautiful man at surin the meetup went great! we happen to run into this beautiful man at surin where can i buy empty beer bottles in tuscaloosa? i am in town for the rest of the summer and, given that i am going to be... what's your favorite spot on campus? what's your favorite spot on campus? tuscaloosa to look into permitting open containers on the strip and teme... the official 2012 meetup details! alright, time to finalize meetup plans applying for fall of 2013, any advice?  saban's chuckle makes this scene (automatic door) reddit blood drives? we need to get in on this capstone meetup: official vote capstone meetup: official vote bryant denny looks damn good this time of year. bryant denny looks damn good this time of year. bryant denny looks damn good this time of year. summer jobs, or anything that pays what does this even mean? i don't get barners. 20 rules for out-of-state students coming to alabama in the fall 20 rules for out-of-state students coming to alabama in the fall curious about how much your professor makes? or even mal moore, wonder n... what gift should i get my incoming freshman cousin? tuscaloosa is in salon today. hooray censorship! remove or register your bikes before 15 june alabama wins women's college world series  alabama wins women's college world series  alabama wins women's college world series  alabama wins women's college world series  alabama wins women's college world series  wing chun in tuscaloosa? anyone working in it staff on-campus? anyone know who's hiring in the fall? best place to sell books back right now in late may/early june? someone explain the commuter parking situation? anyone down for disc golf? is anyone interested in writing for a new ua undergraduate humor magazi... is anyone interested in writing for a new ua undergraduate humor magazi... classical martial arts weapons seminars starting 5/30/12 8-9pm places to learn martial arts? giant metallic "sculpture" in woods quad? global reddit meetup is june 23. how should we celebrate? somebody show this to the ua admin somebody show this to the ua admin tuscaloosa hiking opportunities? stuff to do in summer? vote for ua to have espn film a commercial for espn gameday here! it's c... what are the chances of getting someone to sublease for spring 2013? easiest classes to take over the summer to help gpa? best gym to get a brief summer membership to in t-town? so who alls taking classes over the summer here?  finished with finals and this is how i feel finished with finals and this is how i feel room for rent over summer, 1408 caplewood what's the deal with new college? iama about survivor of the tornado on 4/27 amateur radio and tornado remembrance found on r/funny - i think they're related. found on r/funny - i think they're related. what do you fucks have against turn signals? what do you fucks have against turn signals? chinook flying over bryant denny (xpost from r/military) chinook flying over bryant denny (xpost from r/military) chinook flying over bryant denny (xpost from r/military) chinook flying over bryant denny (xpost from r/military) transferring out? where can i meet a japanese students who would tutor me in japanese in e... help me find my migrant kindle. how i felt at spring orgy last night how i felt at spring orgy last night incoming freshman here. should i live on campus or not? is paty that bad? oz live! presents: record store day 2012(tons of lp's released/tons of b... i need some good electives i need a haircut. anyone have any good/bad experiences with a barber in ... shots fired on the strip just a reminder... if you type in "cow college" into google and hit the "i'm feeling lucky... if you type in "cow college" into google and hit the "i'm feeling lucky... redditor meetup this sunday apartment sublease fellow tuscaloosan looking for tech clubs. good guy trent good guy trent good guy trent woodlands apartment sublease coming to bama in the fall and i just got a quick question. anyone taken business finance 302 (hybrid)? lake nicol i think this almost every night in tuscaloosa. i think this almost every night in tuscaloosa. saw this in bb comer hall on friday. saw this in bb comer hall on friday. i drew this at midnight sushi last night while waiting for food.  i drew this at midnight sushi last night while waiting for food.  i drew this at midnight sushi last night while waiting for food.  blogger "the friendly atheist" speaking friday blogger "the friendly atheist" speaking friday i don't want to live on this planet anymore. august spies and deal me in- april 14th at 10pm, egans. lgt facebook eve... taking summer classes at shelton state jack "the face" blankenship for ua president jack "the face" blankenship for ua president jack "the face" blankenship for ua president jack "the face" blankenship for ua president jack "the face" blankenship for ua president jack "the face" blankenship for ua president probably my favorite cw article of all time it seems like ua gets to the front of reddit a lot. jack blankenship for ua president ua now to allow double parking permits, in other news reports of keyed c... shooting ranges near tuscaloosa? trent richardson. enough said saban says he'll end career at alabama. saban says he'll end career at alabama. has anyone found any cool or obscure places on campus or around tuscalo... has anyone found any cool or obscure places on campus or around tuscalo... so capstone, how does your week look? easy or hard?  where can a guy get a safe and cheap tattoo in tuscaloosa? easy classes to take?  i need boxes! what is the best place to park for free on school days? crimson cafe has earned a life-long customer! brilliant! (x-post from r/atheism) brilliant! (x-post from r/atheism) free concert in 20 - 30 minutes ladies and gentlemen, i need your help. taking requests for the crimson white's website. coming for oct 27th game from northern canada! new feature: flair! trevor releford fouled on game-ending shot against creighton. photo as p... good cheap coffee near campus ua software discounts? stuff do do in ttown, spring break best/easiest/most interesting hi/sb elective? is anyone else going to the childish gambino show next friday in atl? any ua redditors have an old phone they would be willing to sell me at a... anyone interested in buying my art? i'm broke.  i saw three gold buses back to back the other day. what are your ua-esqu... any place to find old pictures of the university? does anyone know of any low-cost animal hospitals or vets in the area? cheap drycleaner's in or near t-town? ride to the airport friday. campus closing at 2pm today because of weather bad weather incoming tomorrow night bad weather incoming tomorrow night zeds dead coming to t-town i need to get my eye prescription updated but haven't been to an eye doc... look what you missed in gorgas last night you must feel constantly persecuted... you must feel constantly persecuted... you must feel constantly persecuted... you must feel constantly persecuted... you must feel constantly persecuted... i bet there will be at least 10 rebuttals in the cw this week...  simply unashamed, or positively shameless? | the crimson white simply unashamed, or positively shameless? | the crimson white roomswap for fall 2012 short story author mary ward brown visiting allen bales theatre this fri... pixelcon 2012 is on! march 31st at the ferguson center. opinions on the greek system? - an incoming freshman  want to build a 3d printer? organizing reprap build class. i found this sign in serc. could they not think any better wording? honors college places that deliver to campus? ua basketball fan on the front page of reddit ua basketball fan on the front page of reddit thought you guys might like this since we just got a new waffle house o... thought you guys might like this since we just got a new waffle house o... rose towers taking a strong stance against prostitution... sort of rose towers taking a strong stance against prostitution... sort of rose towers taking a strong stance against prostitution... sort of rose towers taking a strong stance against prostitution... sort of come learn how not to get arrested this thursday! wheelchair basketball at foster auditorium!  til criticizing posts on the bama memes will get you banned from comment... dear bama memes dear bama memes dear bama memes just got accepted into a phd program at ua, what should i know about ua/... attention all (21+) beer lovers: buy your ticket to the suds of the sout... bama memes rage... bama memes rage... brace yourselves, bama memes has arrived who's worse, ua or byu? is it possible to get access to... it's everyone's (least) favorite time of year again! sga elections! 9 players invited to nfl combine, auburn has 3 what clubs and why? most dedicated fan at the bama - ole miss game? most dedicated fan at the bama - ole miss game? most dedicated fan at the bama - ole miss game? update: plan to improve cell coverage in bryant-denny approved update: plan to improve cell coverage in bryant-denny approved what's the deal with the pizza ninja? spanish 202 rage or "what the hell does this ua professor want." spanish 202 rage or "what the hell does this ua professor want." ua voting to improve cell service in bryant-denny on thursday ua voting to improve cell service in bryant-denny on thursday know your rights! don't get busted! just saw a redditor i that know... bama 2011 tribute - "we're coming home with 14" honors societies hey r/capstone, im a male from oregon and im going to be a freshman at u... looking for something to do tonight?  come see electric moon &amp; dj s... looking for something to do tonight?  come see electric moon &amp; dj s... safe place to jog at night in town?  (rec is ultra crowded) sitting in shelby doing this and someone walked in. he left abruptly. sitting in shelby doing this and someone walked in. he left abruptly. an announcement for engineering and computer science majors of the capstone lsu updates stadium for 2012 season (xpost from r/cfb) lsu updates stadium for 2012 season (xpost from r/cfb) ua flying club pulling the fire alarms regardless of the recent scandals, joe paterno was one of the greatest c... and suddenly, waffle house [xpost from /r/tuscaloosa] have you guys seen /r/cfb lately? if you're expecting packages, you need to read this
 so the reddit blackout is tomorrow. how are you guys going to pass the t... parkour.  parkour?  parkour. students for sensible drug policy meeting! groomscake, doing it right [x-post r/rolltide] put some images together i thought my students would find inspiring for... put some images together i thought my students would find inspiring for... put some images together i thought my students would find inspiring for... connecting my wii to resnet? dear lsu, osu, and anyone else who wants to contest the legitimacy of o... dear lsu, osu, and anyone else who wants to contest the legitimacy of o... dear lsu, osu, and anyone else who wants to contest the legitimacy of o... dear lsu, osu, and anyone else who wants to contest the legitimacy of o... just submitted this to the lsu subreddit, your upvotes would be apprecia... theuagossip is really starting to piss me off. anyone else? reppin' alabama during my second jump at skydive hawaii reppin' alabama during my second jump at skydive hawaii reppin' alabama during my second jump at skydive hawaii does anybody know what's going on with the bridge by the ferg? iama malleteer. ask me literally fucking anything. iama malleteer. ask me literally fucking anything. academic probation, who knows how to weasel your way into another semester? ua redditors facebook group...join if you want.  did you know there is a small series of underground tunnels?  did you know there is a small series of underground tunnels?  so close... (followup to "is scaling common?") would you guys be interested in a ua redditor facebook group? it might b... any of you guys that have taken a scantron know the anger that this pag... any of you guys that have taken a scantron know the anger that this pag... karma-whoring done with finals thread karma-whoring done with finals thread free cookies if you're on campus next wednesday where to donate food in tuscaloosa? is scaling for tough classes normal? i'm all for gay rights, but i felt a parody was justified. ua danger zone good luck on your finals, r/capstone! we should have a meet up after fi... good luck on your finals, r/capstone! we should have a meet up after fi... my semester's fate hey front page, that looks familiar! hey front page, that looks familiar! would a vintage shop/cafe do well in tuscaloosa? iama member of a fraternity on campus that is in the machine, ama. what kind of volunteer work could i do around tuscaloosa?[17/m] re: finals week saw this in lakeside...anyone know what's up with this? saw this in lakeside...anyone know what's up with this? the arrival of winter in tuscaloosa does anyone not care at all about "the machine"? looking for someone to sublease at woodlands for next term. (relatively ... we're ready for you over at r/lsu! we'll see you in nola! glhf looks like a bama fan had a little fun with the lsu merch website... and thus, the trolling begins... alabama player reaction to bcs standings fuck el rincon aids day?? anyone know an alex harkavy? no snow, then? no snow, then? no snow, then? a message about downvoting girl talk announces surprise show in tuscaloosa girl talk announces surprise show in tuscaloosa pixelcon 2012? rammer jammer, 2011 iron bowl. roll tide for a campus of 30,000+, this place feels dead, let's try to fix it for a campus of 30,000+, this place feels dead, let's try to fix it beat auburn beat hunger victory over beat bama food drive students for sensible drug policy welcomes the university of alabama ch... students for sensible drug policy welcomes the university of alabama ch... can someone tell me everything they know about "academic bankruptcy"? all your bcs are belong to us the shc should hand these out.  machine articles in the crimson white machine articles in the crimson white cw poll question... elephant in the room, part ii: a panel discussion on campus diversity, w... everyone should know about this place the resemblance is uncanny ua investigating bomb threat on campus epic snitch epic snitch epic snitch steady system looking for a drummer i really have no words. lakeside is serious business. walk-on kicker sign ups (saw this on a burke hall bulletin board...) walk-on kicker sign ups (saw this on a burke hall bulletin board...) walk-on kicker sign ups (saw this on a burke hall bulletin board...) cw bashing new college? live ama on campus this saturday (11/12) super frustrated. advice please. roommate for fall 2013 fight on the quad before the lsu game gonna live in a house for the first time.  most trusted realty companies... who else thought crowd control getting into the lsu game was handled ter... upvote if i should be the new place-kicker. downvote if you're an lsu fan. ok, i want to see a replay of that "interception..." someone please post. should i prosecute? the ua critic chain
	 scumbag administration scumbag administration selling an alabama/lsu student ticket. any takers? yes! party on friday. (coolest house party you'll ever go to) 2 seconds in my life 2 seconds in my life i need a ride from the greyhound station in montgomery back to campus ne... members of the fyc committee tampered with gpas anyone else going? lsu-alabama stat comparison does anyone else find the online library as difficult to use as i do? people are planning an entrance for the lsu game, it could be cool if th... sick of cover bands?  want to hear local original music?  come to the gr... a senate transparency resolution was voted down... some of the quotes fr... help! lost black marmot jacket with my keys inside fight breaks out late saturday night at the waffle house fight breaks out late saturday night at the waffle house i hid something else on campus, this time some coupons.  let's see if y'... in my bathroom in my bathroom in my bathroom this kind of thing always gets me pumped up (lsu-bama) apparently fluttershy is an alabama fan...(xpost from /r/mylittlepony) relevant for this upcoming saturday. relevant for this upcoming saturday. like dubstep and beer? are you free on friday? my sign for the lsu game. my sign for the lsu game. psa: don't text and drive while students text and walk across the strip psa: don't text and drive while students text and walk across the strip any good dentists in tuscaloosa? happens at least once a week happens at least once a week happens at least once a week ticket rage trent richardson trent richardson trent richardson ua student, henry perkins, in new york times at occupy wall st. if you support occupy wall st., here is the action occupy tuscaloosa wou... found this in russell hall. i chuckled. found this in russell hall. i chuckled. should the banner color for this sub reddit be changed? should the banner color for this sub reddit be changed? capstone ents report for duty there's been another offensive etching... should i be lying about my religious beliefs? any cigar smokers in here? as promised, i have hid a canon cli-8y ink cartridge somewhere on campu... as promised, i have hid a canon cli-8y ink cartridge somewhere on campu... question:  once your networth is several billion, is philanthropy morall... anyone up for a treasure hunt? anyone up for a treasure hunt? what i think after every easy football win. what i think after every easy football win. what i think after every easy football win. what i think after every easy football win. a card he got from his 8 year-old sister when he went to college a card he got from his 8 year-old sister when he went to college a card he got from his 8 year-old sister when he went to college iron bowl of food drives begins monday reddit 2011 quidditch team reddit 2011 quidditch team anyone else taking the gre within the next couple of months? roll halloween roll roll halloween roll i am that guy that rollerblades to class everyday. ama. it's about time we had a good satire in the crimson white. it's about time we had a good satire in the crimson white. quidditch on the quad 2011 quidditch on the quad 2011 what's up with the lack of homecoming hype this year? vote for this man for homecoming queen (write-in) vote for this man for homecoming queen (write-in) selling 2 computers! a macbook (specs inside), and a dell xps (specs ins... haircuts? occupy tuscaloosa - first planning meeting/protest event loseit ua? happens everyday i'm walking around campus. happens everyday i'm walking around campus. happens everyday i'm walking around campus. happens everyday i'm walking around campus. i'm sure all you freshman can relate with this ua redditor meetup! buffalo phils on sunday, oct 2nd at 3pm ua redditor meetup! buffalo phils on sunday, oct 2nd at 3pm awesome sauce awesome sauce what's on my wall in my dorm room right now. props to whoever is responsible for this props to whoever is responsible for this xpress night 9/29 ama: i am that goggles kid. they should have learned by now... ua redditor meetup? ua redditor meetup? i can't be the only one who thinks this i can't be the only one who thinks this i can finally post all the memes that i think of while walking on campu... i can finally post all the memes that i think of while walking on campu... sorry if any of y'all walk, but this is how i feel about you pedestrians.  so what is up with these guys anyway? protest of hb56 anti-immigration law at noon, 9/28 in the ferg plaza! does anyone know of a good vietnamese place in town? (this could also se... so someone gets caught tampering with fyc applications for once... so uofa has a subreddit... who wants to spreddit?  so uofa has a subreddit... who wants to spreddit?  what is vox populi? what is vox populi? does anyone know of any good (cheap!) places to take a date? is anyone else incredibly uninterested in these chalking "wars" that se... is anyone else incredibly uninterested in these chalking "wars" that se... teen charged with attempted murder after cobb theater gun-related incident. a big thanks to whoever created the new logo! it looks great!  for those of you living off campus... crimson cafe sucked. (not going to miss it.) is it so crazy that the sga would be asked to spend part of its budget t... laptop repair shuttle service for nye? crimson student living sublease spring/summer 2014 university village sublease available anybody want my miss. state ticket? living downtown connecting console/xbox to resnet? help with rushing (x-post r/frat) photoshopping to add diversity? a petition to end ua's slow wireless internet mrw i find out if i get hit by a university bus i get free tuition. university of alabama police investigating beating of former marine atta... anyone in tick's hydrogeology (geo 306) willing to help with homework? need ideas for how to bamboozle the scholarship office. fluker bodyslams de, gets flag anyone know of any volunteer work on or around campus/tuscaloosa? university of alabama moves to end segregated sorority system paying to park in the campus drive parking deck? i can't be the only one on campus who knows about/has ever used bitcoin,... what happened at palmer last night? places that offer deals or specials around tuscaloosa? hi, my sister is wondering what your nutrition program is like, thank yo... anyone aware of local businesses hiring? counseling at ua. rivermount // mountainview apartments.. anyone have experience there? transfer question i fucked up. how bad is it? dorm room tv service bamacrushes - a twitter account that posts anonymous "confessions" from ... does anyone need a roommate for fall 2013 double-majoring or minoring? meeting people/making friends. looking for roommate in may greek life sorority formal opinions on the bryant hall rooms? are you a guy? do you want to get a free health screening and have a cha... football tix for next year upcoming freshman! i know that my friends and i are gonna live in ridgec... hi! i'm a junior from birmingham looking to join the graduating class of... anyone wanna show a high schooler from california around alabama? your esteemed madam president  the all-saban team. the top players at every position during the saban era. long shot but have any of y'all taken organic chem or calculus? and what... my roommate's parking job behind palmer - he had to crawl out of the trunk notre dame invaded our class of 2017 facebook group tonight what happened to the harlem shake? any guys looking to room in ridgecrest or riverside 2013/2014?  incoming statistics major! 2nd visit to bama, what to do? make it or break it factors of attending?  looking for off campus housing for next year how is the social life on campus kind of a random question, anyone know where i could buy firewood in tus... so the ama that was supposed to happen today from the cw editor in chief... what do kids wear? who is going to be in t-town on new years and what are you planning on d... /r/ttownents/   procrastination - the musical - youtube-- literally watching this while ... university of alabama drunk driving statistics. get the facts! a few questions for anyone in the computer based honors program... anyone want an auburn ticket? it's fresh food company not fresh foods anybody happen to catch the game? sorority selling mississippi state ticket blogspot page for locally set comic series anybody want a cheap student ticket for this weekend? tutoring for several subjects  anybody selling their michigan ticket. viking house ua, freshman, listen up  places to buy a longboard near campus? fantasy football league open to all ua freshmen i'm interviewing for a position at ua and would love some advice and inf... west commuter parking in the afternoon see this cat? there's someone on campus who looks like he has a watermel... golfing for students anyone selling an st 260 book? r/capstone, please give a fellow ua student some 'likes' and submissions! adios, rose towers... need a pic of the 2011 football champ team final grades due by tonight? eventually, @thecrimsonwhite will block me. until then... local tuscaloosa band - junior spicy! seeking roommate for midtown [f] $550/mo heard you guys were a fan of acb's dayglow tickets available! new college kids, anyone know which classes count for which seminar requ... protesters on promenade call out state gop need two roommates for next year seriously? stop with the meme posts. we get it. the memes there suck. hi guys, time for a shameless plug. ladies and gentlemen, i need your assistance. need roommate for capstone quarters, $500/mo w/ utilities &amp; furnished anyone know of anywhere on or around campus where i could smoke a hookah... hey guys, my brother and i am looking for apartment to live in next scho... patriots have been to super bowl 4 times since 2002, and this game is a ... bcs national championship... this is fucked up seriously party this friday anyone need a math 121 book? alabama reaction to the bcs selection show. anyone going to buy an hp laptop? so apparently the ferg has been evacuated again today...haven't seen an ... fluttershy is ready for lsu...are you? roll tide? anyone need a tennessee ticket? the ugly tusk (brace yourself for a fit!) cyclists and pedestrians, this is the root cause of your conflict. sorry if any of y'all are bikers... but this is how i truly feel about y... this is on my college bucket list. we should make it happen after the ls... louisiana: the education state (this will make it feel better.) (xpost f... capstoneproblems: i'm stuck in the airport until the earliest shuttle (1... anyone else hate these fucks? i bet nobody on campus, or in tuscaloosa for that matter, is playing vid... citizen shea  are there any accessible rooftops on campus? this guy comes to class and plays games the entire time. two double clic... second meeting - socialist party usa-al. five points south, birmingham. ... is this real?  the night ended well, with a good cry over my lack of manhood and a good... greatest moment in wwe smackdown history? (watch before you downvote, it... i know im probably alone on this....  so uhh...anybody know what the hell stellasvoice.org is?  how alabama fans feel this year am i the only one that thinks this guy turned out looking like aj mccaron? roll tide!!! the room screening solid indie hip-hop at ua? *head explodes* ua does the harlem shake im-in-gorgaslibrary must have been ua parking question about greek dues as someone who is about to graduate without having made a single friend ... northport police officer shoots pit bull, says it attacked him. mallet assembly! deucing for the tide | one man's journey best ways to spend bama cash? anyone selling a bike? looking to buy a va tech student ticket football tickets for ole miss game (9/28) bitcoin community group buy alabama creed my president? organizations have block seating privileges threatened paid marketing internship for alabama students! sublease for spring 2014 $420 / 2 br apartment at the woodlands!