 future student housing concerns cu boulder honors program? free alternative comedy show thursday night in umc 386 does anyone know of any good econ tutors? moving into athens court on saturday; can anyone tell me anything i shou... engineers without borders? energy conference this thursday with amory lovins housing at cu boulder please take the /r/cuboulder subreddit survey - results to follow please take the /r/cuboulder subreddit survey - results to follow has anyone had a positive experience with landlords in boulder? trying t... nrotc? i asked this before but i'm trying again. for those of you interested in grad school: cu's m.s. in information and... getting accepted to cu boulder? dunkin' donuts is coming back to boulder next week dunkin' donuts is coming back to boulder next week odds of getting acceptance revoked? grade database for past year at cu - tells you which classes/profs gave... grade database for past year at cu - tells you which classes/profs gave... grade database for past year at cu - tells you which classes/profs gave... c-unit c-unit c-unit c-unit /r/cuboulder weekly thread for 2/23 - 3/1 advice/words of wisdom from any las? what do you want to know about your fellow buffs on /r/cuboulder? i've been admitted and would love to go to cuboulder for engineering, bu... /r/cuboulder weekly thread for 2/16 - 2/22 /r/cuboulder weekly thread for 2/16 - 2/22 come compete in the march madness tournament with the leeds data mining ... need to find housing before friday! living in marine park apartments. $2,000 league of legends lan tournament sponsored by webroot - open to ... $2,000 league of legends lan tournament sponsored by webroot - open to ... need 15 karma to edit the wiki, so here's an awesome picture of the fla... need 15 karma to edit the wiki, so here's an awesome picture of the fla... need 15 karma to edit the wiki, so here's an awesome picture of the fla... need 15 karma to edit the wiki, so here's an awesome picture of the fla... need 15 karma to edit the wiki, so here's an awesome picture of the fla... need 15 karma to edit the wiki, so here's an awesome picture of the fla... wiki is up /r/cuboulder weekly thread for 2/9 - 2/15 /r/cuboulder weekly thread for 2/9 - 2/15 /r/cuboulder weekly thread for 2/9 - 2/15 what can you tell me about the ehp? just applied for housing, how good of choices did i make? what's your favorite club? i'm thinking about getting my ma at boulder, any information about the b... a bunch of questions about housing... ideas for /r/cuboulder ideas for /r/cuboulder ideas for /r/cuboulder i'm looking for the perfect college... i think i found it? anybody in libby rap? debating whether to do it or not... any suggestions freshman housing i just committed to boulder for next year, what dorms should i request? i got accepted! now what? what are upsides and downsides of attending cu... hi buffaloes! i'm a reddit cofounder and i'm speaking at 6:30pm in duan... hi buffaloes! i'm a reddit cofounder and i'm speaking at 6:30pm in duan... hi buffaloes! i'm a reddit cofounder and i'm speaking at 6:30pm in duan... hi buffaloes! i'm a reddit cofounder and i'm speaking at 6:30pm in duan... question about muslim acceptance in boulder i'll be return as a sophomore next year and am not sure what to do about... what are the best bars to go too? any one in sewall hall? what's the difference between rap, llc, and traditional house? so what's everyone doing for the super "bowl?" housing? question about lgbt acceptance classes to take at cu. redditors of cu boulder! one of the co-founders of reddit is coming to ... redditors of cu boulder! one of the co-founders of reddit is coming to ... redditors of cu boulder! one of the co-founders of reddit is coming to ... as someone who is planning on attending cu this fall, are the people rea... denver vs colorado law crosspost r/denver cu-boulder off-campus housing fair today, 1/22, 10-4, umc ballroom housing question full moon through eaton tower full moon through eaton tower why can't i get my hands on a cu basketball jersey? gorgeous sunset tonight gorgeous sunset tonight gorgeous sunset tonight gorgeous sunset tonight deferall chances what are some awesome upper division classes you've taken? waitlisting question. cu-boulder students: seminars to help first-time renters navigate the r... cu-boulder students: seminars to help first-time renters navigate the r... quick question, is the application due today at midnight, or tomorrow at... transferring from cu denver to cu boulder prospective computer engineering ph.d. student - adviser advice? ecen1310 (c and mat lab for engineers), in your opinion, is having a per... junior in hs, cu is my top choice, looking for advice was watching top gear when... was watching top gear when... was watching top gear when... was watching top gear when... anyone interested in meeting some new people around campus this semester? anyone interested in meeting some new people around campus this semester? i need to get across campus in 10 minutes twice a week. advice? alcohol violation kudos to the cu-boulder community for many great achievements in 2013 kudos to the cu-boulder community for many great achievements in 2013 prospective student- should i go to cu boulder? grad school for evolutionary biology? torn in housing search petition to keep patti adler as a professor thread for admitted students - ask questions about the school and get t... thread for admitted students - ask questions about the school and get t... admitted to cu almost a month ago, still haven't gotten a letter in the ... police to search out, arrest overdue mip offenders sunday (12/15) just accepted to cu's engineering school!!! question about living in the dorms next semester. cu athletics subreddit here, lets get it going cu athletics subreddit here, lets get it going another transfer student looking for honest opinions. transfer student coming to cu boulder getting a drink? c-unit destroys csu on twitter before the game, also buffs win 67-62 c-unit destroys csu on twitter before the game, also buffs win 67-62 c-unit destroys csu on twitter before the game, also buffs win 67-62 prich going to the nfl draft, announces via twitter prich going to the nfl draft, announces via twitter roommate issues, any advice?? dear cu, (stolen bike) free support group for loved ones of people with eating disorders!!! your [online] student newspaper was one of the best in the nation last ... your [online] student newspaper was one of the best in the nation last ... your [online] student newspaper was one of the best in the nation last ... tailgating for usc game where are bulletin boards on campus that i can post fliers for non-campu... transfer student: any good clubs to recommend? cu buffs football trounces california 41-24 to end 14 game pac-12 losin... cu buffs football trounces california 41-24 to end 14 game pac-12 losin... cu buffs football trounces california 41-24 to end 14 game pac-12 losin... cu buffs football trounces california 41-24 to end 14 game pac-12 losin... hey mods could we get a sidebar that lists interesting events that are ... hey mods could we get a sidebar that lists interesting events that are ... any nrotc? seminar credit vs. lecture credit environmental design question found rtd bus pass. upvote for visibility! found rtd bus pass. upvote for visibility! business school students at leeds, how do you like it? good places to buy music off campus living thread upper division writing courses free parking on campus in the afternoon history of psyh textbook 4th ed. any recommendations for appm tutors? on campus freshman, i'm gonna start looking at off campus places for nex... question from a prospective student buff fans, come vote in the /r/pac12 football power rankings i am a student from alabama who is seriously considering mba/ms in envir... fiske planetarium's new 8k digital "fulldome" theater! fiske planetarium's new 8k digital "fulldome" theater! fiske planetarium's new 8k digital "fulldome" theater! fiske planetarium's new 8k digital "fulldome" theater! fiske planetarium's new 8k digital "fulldome" theater! we made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? we made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? we made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? we made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? where is everyone? do i have to buy the cu sportspass to get student tickets for basketball... looking for course recommendations the internet of things hackathon series, sponsored by at&amp;t and intel any envs masters students? dave plati cu athletics is an idiot aussie coming to cu boulder are there any cognitive science grad students out there? is anyone going to bro safari/etc!etc! next friday? cu students! were any of you approached by the operation that filmed thi... where are our sense of manners? free flu shots for students! i highly recommend getting yours. free flu shots for students! i highly recommend getting yours. we may have lost but this was an incredible play we may have lost but this was an incredible play buffs fan, what more is there to say? does anyone have ticket to michio kaku event? anyone looking to pass off their football ticket this weekend? any good clubs here at cu? people living in the lgbt llc cu alum: what was your favorite memory of cu? anywhere on campus to study with *absolute* silence? web dev group on campus? out of state rushing flood fundraising idea? cu boulder to reopen monday, september 16th cu boulder to reopen monday, september 16th the westboro baptist church will be picketing boulder! cu slip 'n slide cu slip 'n slide cu slip 'n slide cu campus closed. stay safe buffs. cu campus closed. stay safe buffs. cu campus closed. stay safe buffs. so this is happening. so this is happening. so this is happening. crazy flooding up in here, stay safe buffs school is cancelled for september 12, 2013 coach mac coming out of the tunnel coach mac coming out of the tunnel coach mac coming out of the tunnel coach mac coming out of the tunnel coach mac coming out of the tunnel this site has been ranking cu football 1st for the past few weeks. here... this site has been ranking cu football 1st for the past few weeks. here... how's the boulder journalism program? should i wait to apply? hey y'all i'm an editor for the cu honors journal, just wanted to encou... hey y'all i'm an editor for the cu honors journal, just wanted to encou... good study rooms/lounges you're willing to share? calc 3 appm vs math for astrophysics places to get help with math? torrenting on the cu vpn because $9 just isn't enough! go buffs!!! go buffs!!! go buffs!!! anyone know of a site where i can stream the cu vs. csu game for free? pick-up soccer? best bathrooms on campus? places to study late near will vill? good clubs/organizations to meet people? looking for people to play magic the gathering and/or yugioh with. krewella tonight looking for apartment near campus new meetup for grad students should i invest in a parking permit? making friends as a transfer? tips for incoming freshman? how difficult is it to transfer internally to civil engineering from ano... you know you're a buffs fan when... you know you're a buffs fan when... which is the best site to get great bargains on school books? the herd? housing frustrations! we're a couple cu grads and we need some help getting our king's cup kic... what should i do for cable/internet as an off campus sophomore. is there any recommended health insurance company locally you'd use? the... does anyone know anything about the thompson jazz studies program? incoming freshman with a few questions regarding purchasing/renting text... transfer student here, can i get some advice? help! didn't get on campus housing...what should i do next? two months, still no room assignment. is this normal? should my roommate and i loft our beds? best places to work on-campus? league of legends on campus wifi? where should i live as a transfer? wsu cougar hoping to get swag for my cu gf's bday aerospace engineering question post graduate work experience for mba? naked college student high on mushrooms rescued from mountain naked college student high on mushrooms rescued from mountain i'm an incoming freshman with just a few question regarding what i can/s... anyone here in the political science phd program? nightlife? is it worth it to bring a car to cu? radio station where a freshman can work? looking for a workout partner central vs will vill how's hallet hall? i was assigned willard today, any advice/tips from former willard peeps? can anyone shed some light on libby hall? bucket-list activities? considering cu boulder for my mba in real estate. considering cu boulder for my mba in real estate. your thoughts? just got placed in buckingham andre roberson decides to enter the nba draft considering cu boulder next year for cheme should i apply for cu? transfer student - just got accepted tedxcu: did anybody else check this out? what were your thoughts? greek life at boulder? is sewell a good dorm i lost my keys in humanities. they have a subaru key as well as a flames... the smartest party schools in the country - buffaloes score well on bot... the smartest party schools in the country - buffaloes score well on bot... the smartest party schools in the country - buffaloes score well on bot... the smartest party schools in the country - buffaloes score well on bot... meal plan: 15 or 19? anyone know a good place to study on saturdays? just got assigned to farrand hall! just got my dorm assignment. junior transfer from california! why do you like boulder? how is boulder's rec center/gym? out-of-state freshman to cu boulder question about changing colleges two students receiving felony charges over the $5 sale of one prescript... two students receiving felony charges over the $5 sale of one prescript... 2013 ncaa tournament of beer champion... colorado! 2013 ncaa tournament of beer champion... colorado! considering boudler in-state vs out of state lost 3ds how's the applied math graduate program? grad student moving to boulder in aug. general questions about the area ... looking for some ultimate frisbee players (intramurals) out of state students? incoming graduate student with some questions... a question for current students and recent alumni? a question for current students and recent alumni? cu police: body discovered in libby hall cu police: body discovered in libby hall applying as out of state transfer student  how's the science department in cub? want to go to cu boulder but is it too expensive? saw this csu ram at the bar...  how are the winters?  what do people drive out there? how is the math placement test for incoming freshman? i'm an aspiring physics major, how hard is the program? (not engineering... cu unveils a $170m athletics facilities upgrade proposal cu unveils a $170m athletics facilities upgrade proposal cu unveils a $170m athletics facilities upgrade proposal who here was a part of this today?! who here was a part of this today?! harlem shake university of colorado harlem shake university of colorado incoming freshman with some questions! how difficult is it to transfer colleges? colorado and nebraska to renew football rivalry colorado and nebraska to renew football rivalry housing options for transfers cu boulder fin aid question for out-of state student cu no smoking "policy" begins feb 1st cu no smoking "policy" begins feb 1st hows the film program at cu boulder? in-state tuition petition fuck-up. whats the best dorm to live in a freshman? what's the deal with math requirements and business school as a transfer? trying to get into grad school, i like what cu boulder has to offer for ... how easy is it to transfer from the school of arts and sciences in to th... from an arizona fan. from an arizona fan. bullshit! how does grad school work? first in my family to go. dear students. what are you really paying? looking for arizona wildcats vs. cu buffs tickets on feb. 14, 2013 chances? what are chances of being admitted transferring to a euphoric city..  i know our football team is down right now, but this video still made m... i know our football team is down right now, but this video still made m... i know our football team is down right now, but this video still made m... mike macintyre hired as the new football coach!  welcome to cu mac ii! just got accepted! did anyone go to bill mckibben on sunday?  is it hard to transfer in out of state? butch jones, cinci head coach, denies rumors that he has accepted hc pos... cu is really close to earning 8 gigs of dropbox space for everyone. let... cu is really close to earning 8 gigs of dropbox space for everyone. let... cu is really close to earning 8 gigs of dropbox space for everyone. let... so... meet up? stephen colbert makes fun of the university of colorado's approach to co... cu student government considering banning smoking on campus the world should see this guy who did the recap from last nights game keeps calling dinwiddie dinw... anyone seen angus t. jones (kid from 2 and a half men) around campus?  cu basketball goes 5-0!!! cu basketball goes 5-0!!! cu basketball goes 5-0!!! jon embree out as colorado buffaloes football coach - the denver post jon embree out as colorado buffaloes football coach - the denver post jon embree out as colorado buffaloes football coach - the denver post cu's ranked!!!!!! cu's ranked!!!!!! cu's ranked!!!!!! cu's ranked!!!!!! transfer student...looking for roommates/places to live? or any insightf... is there anyone left on campus for thanksgiving? buffs one loss away from setting folsom field record i have heard nothing about this, anyone have details? (x-post r/videos) advice needed for new student to ucboulder usc vs. cuboulder (game day gone wild) gary johnson is coming to cu! gary johnson is coming to cu! in colorado you can vote early so you don't have to wait in line on elec... i need responses for a survey about stimulants as study aids... help? the herd's nearly naked mile this friday! transferring from arts and sciences to leeds dropbox great space race, lets get cu to the top! dropbox great space race, lets get cu to the top! dropbox great space race, lets get cu to the top! have an extra dawkins ticket, selling for $10. good seats. pm me for mor... i'm an australian student thinking about applying for university at cub... i'm an australian student thinking about applying for university at cub... anyone have, or know of anyone, who doesn't want their richard dawkins t... cu boulder physicist wins the nobel prize cu boulder physicist wins the nobel prize cu boulder physicist wins the nobel prize cu boulder physicist wins the nobel prize if one more person asks me if i've registered to vote at my new address... if one more person asks me if i've registered to vote at my new address... if one more person asks me if i've registered to vote at my new address... if one more person asks me if i've registered to vote at my new address... if one more person asks me if i've registered to vote at my new address... this weekend was live free weekend. did anybody notice? just got an mip in the dorms. anyone have any experience with this? anyone know of anyone that needs a dj? anyone trying to workout at the rec? anyone trying to workout at the rec? tilt shift cu boulder campus. (x-post from /r/boulder) tilt shift cu boulder campus. (x-post from /r/boulder) tilt shift cu boulder campus. (x-post from /r/boulder) tilt shift cu boulder campus. (x-post from /r/boulder) tilt shift cu boulder campus. (x-post from /r/boulder) tilt shift cu boulder campus. (x-post from /r/boulder) check out the strangeness going on at r/naropauniversity griz at the fox theater on 12/1! seriously this show will sell out! have... can we get more users on here? can we get more users on here? can we get more users on here? the size of this subreddit. wanna get all wet on friday nights? (underwater hockey) application question watch out for cops when you're riding your bike out there.  watch out for cops when you're riding your bike out there.  watch out for cops when you're riding your bike out there.  we fucking won a football game we fucking won a football game we fucking won a football game we fucking won a football game we fucking won a football game we fucking won a football game we fucking won a football game we fucking won a football game donate to the leukemia and lymphoma society's light the night walk happe... anyone in phi sigma pi (the honors fraternity)? maps geography requirement and testing out has anyone else seen or know anything about these christian preachers/d... has anyone else seen or know anything about these christian preachers/d... any cu libertarians? cu's dining halls textbook prices can go straight to hell. anyone up to sell/trade some bo... anyone here spin poi? looking for a ticket for the csu football game. establishing student organisations i'm a prospective transfer with lots of questions  visiting cu &amp; looking for a yard to pitch a tent in on september 7-8th how serious are the students at boulder? in-state tuition nightmare how do i know which books to get?  questions about cu dorm torrent policy... help out a noob - suggestions for dorm room supplies?  join me (representative jared polis) at cu this saturday, july 14th, to ... the secular students and skeptics society at cu boulder the secular students and skeptics society at cu boulder anyone know anything about the technical theatre department? cu boulder nightlife. cu boulder nightlife. how's the internet down there? a housemate bailed last week. anyone need a place to live? a housemate bailed last week. anyone need a place to live? general opinions on music department? general opinions on music department? so how do you pay for school? greek life
 my cu themed grad cap.  lookin spiffy. my cu themed grad cap.  lookin spiffy. incoming transfer student question (engineering) which honors course would you advise signing up for? incoming freshman questions roomate question so i got my housing assignment. 'm going to live in sterns west in willi... considering colorado university... what is the situation with medical marijuana for cu boulder?  how is cu's law school? be stealthy. be stealthy. this is a warning sysems test!!! really, great idea. really, great idea. rip boulder bear :( rip boulder bear :( phil 1000 lecture notes phil 1000 lecture notes free ticket to the gramatik/robotic pirate monkeys/zion i/griz concert t... so this had to happen.  so this had to happen.  so this had to happen.  so this had to happen.  a bear in a tree in will vill student reaction - 4/20 lockdown at cu student reaction - 4/20 lockdown at cu planning on transferring to cu in the fall..any tips?? andrew yoder, student body president. how ashamed are you right now for... andrew yoder, student body president. how ashamed are you right now for... andrew yoder, student body president. how ashamed are you right now for... andrew yoder, student body president. how ashamed are you right now for... questions from a prospective student president obama to appear at cu-boulder on tuesday president obama to appear at cu-boulder on tuesday president obama to appear at cu-boulder on tuesday white house confirms president obama to visit cu-boulder this coming tue... aclu: cu-boulder's 4/20 campus closure thwarts 'right to dissent' - the... aclu: cu-boulder's 4/20 campus closure thwarts 'right to dissent' - the... an open letter to university of colorado boulder chancellor philip p. di... 4/20 relocation  wallpapers? cu boulder to close campus to visitors on 4/20, ticket trespassers cu boulder to close campus to visitors on 4/20, ticket trespassers admitted, but i have some questions about regular commute. come to the 22nd international festival being held at the umc on the 14th! "10,000 people blowing bubbles in the center of the campus would be obs... "10,000 people blowing bubbles in the center of the campus would be obs... "10,000 people blowing bubbles in the center of the campus would be obs... just admitted and had some questions! places to live? is there a need/demand for tech startup legal services in the boulder area? looking for a housemate for next year looking for a housemate for next year cartoonmeme.com now has a cu scumbag meme colorado supreme court ruling: guns allowed on cu campuses  colorado supreme court ruling: guns allowed on cu campuses  colorado supreme court ruling: guns allowed on cu campuses  reddit's pretty excited about all the new assassin's creed 3 stuffs, tho... i'm a cu-alum looking for trollers, mention this in your application... any musicians out there? as a cu alum, i almost felt bad subscribing here when i saw this as a cu alum, i almost felt bad subscribing here when i saw this as a cu alum, i almost felt bad subscribing here when i saw this as a cu alum, i almost felt bad subscribing here when i saw this any live music fans looking for a room? help a sista out- cu or stay put? friday 3/2 mikey weinstein to speak in math 100, on the separation of ch... a car for a grad student? free concerts by the cu boulder college of music the things you find in engineering (xpost r/funny) the things you find in engineering (xpost r/funny) bag it: the movie screening thursday 2/23 at 6:30 in hale 270 free friday open houses at cu boulder's sommers-bausch observatory looking to road trip, need a place to crash free yoga and meditation club at cu boulder spare some advice boulder students? to avoid cluttering up r/cuboulder, r/cumemes is now a thing. university of colorado memes university of colorado memes dining anytime around noon. dining anytime around noon. snow day!! snow day!! snow day!! cu tuition hike funded raises for phil distefano, other top administrators ron paul visiting denver this tuesday! neil degrasse tyson to speak at cu! neil degrasse tyson to speak at cu! neil degrasse tyson to speak at cu! neil degrasse tyson to speak at cu! any cu geology students out there? rotc at cu?? cu to coachella any film or theater students out there? (or anyone interested in film or... cu professor creates iphone case (and funny video!) cu professor creates iphone case (and funny video!) cu professor creates iphone case (and funny video!) considering applying...helllppp!  prospective student housing question cu professor seeking student [x-post from r/boulder] cu professor seeking student [x-post from r/boulder] when and where do the narwhals show up? willvill north fyi: the physics lab equipment might be older than you are fyi: the physics lab equipment might be older than you are looking for a reddit user roommate fancy yourself a comedian/comedienne? want to meet up and possibly work ... am i the only one here who hates winter breaks? response to dirtyrottenhippies.com- curejects.net only at engineering... only at engineering... only at engineering... go to dirtyrottenhippies.com go to dirtyrottenhippies.com go to dirtyrottenhippies.com lost: kindle in hellems 229  lost: kindle in hellems 229  prospective freshman question on engineering programs request: someone to meetup and karma whore with request: someone to meetup and karma whore with the cu esports club is hosting a starcraft 2 tournament this saturday! e... future freshman, got a few questions. any r/cuboulder-ites ents? any r/cuboulder-ites ents? for those of you interested might seem like a craigslist ad, but does anyone need a room mate for sp... prank war in my dorm. woke up to this today. prank war in my dorm. woke up to this today. prank war in my dorm. woke up to this today. who fucking designed these drawers? i can't stand these punch to close ... who fucking designed these drawers? i can't stand these punch to close ... who fucking designed these drawers? i can't stand these punch to close ... who fucking designed these drawers? i can't stand these punch to close ... who fucking designed these drawers? i can't stand these punch to close ... boulder gamers unite! does anyone else see the stuff on the bathroom walls? does anyone else see the stuff on the bathroom walls? looking for a ee/ece capstone team for next semester.  scumbag cu scumbag cu scumbag cu til it is legal to be topless in public in boulder. til it is legal to be topless in public in boulder. til it is legal to be topless in public in boulder. how is the course load of math 2001 - intro to discrete math? what are you guys studying? what are you guys studying? where's everyone living at?  which you of drew this and left it in the italian room in the c4c which you of drew this and left it in the italian room in the c4c which you of drew this and left it in the italian room in the c4c my thoughts after the oregon game my thoughts after the oregon game suggestion on local tire place? prospective student, wanting to know if cu boulder has a climbing club. cycling at cu be careful out there guys... be careful out there guys... prospective student here, was wondering if you all would like to share y... question about the ebio department and research 4 belgians arriving this afternoon in boulder and we heard great things ... anybody taking intro to biopsychology with ms. patterson? hey photographers! the cu photography club informational meetings are tu... hey student section... hey does anyone want to get a jam together? highschool student wanting to go to boulder for language... torrenting we're 4 college students from belgium visiting colorado. can we park ou... we're 4 college students from belgium visiting colorado. can we park ou... anyone wanna go see flux and doctor p on new years? colorado daily student clubs at cu... know about any good ones? is there a website that announces all guest lectures or other academic e... which classes are you taking? which classes are you taking? i made this to post around campus, join in! i made this to post around campus, join in! i made this to post around campus, join in! i made this to post around campus, join in! cu-boulder should ax in-state tuition, says professor roger pielke jr. meetup? meetup? meetup? i'll be a buff in 8 days! what should i do first? i'll be a buff in 8 days! what should i do first? where do the campus tours begin? don't forget to waive the stupid cu health insurance to save $2000 or s... don't forget to waive the stupid cu health insurance to save $2000 or s... don't forget to waive the stupid cu health insurance to save $2000 or s... what internet do you use? this seems like a useful place to post things... my view on the tuition increase my view on the tuition increase let's get this page going buffs! just wanted to say hello there doesn't seem to be anything here. parties at here? central hill location! large room available! i want to learn korean but i don't want to take a 5 credit class. good cu party video incase anyone missed that cu boulder "confession" a few days ago... i'm hoping to come to boulder this fall as a freshman and have a dorm qu... anyone involved with uc-boulder geology? how is your financial aid? applying aerospace engineering playboy's top party schools 2013 ranking released cu is 3rd!! considering transferring pre-med student interested in surgery? learn more about podiatric medici... metalheads to go to concerts with? shuttle to game this sunday? happy to be back... (x-post from /r/boulder) our chance to take down the coal industry getting in state tuition internships for undergrads? freshman going to cu this fall. what are good housing options? not another shooting in your opinion, what is the best/least strict freshman dorm? thinking about going to school in boulder help with free laundry sunsquabi at three 20 south on november 15th, 2012. transfer student curious about the geography program any tams students good with 2d design, pixel art want to make a few bucks? cu's creative arts journal, palimpsest, is still accepting submissions. ... has anyone used that paper writing website advertised on campus? is anyone else going to go see dr.dog tomorrow? just got a fake. looking for the most apathetic/worst serviced liquor st... dae think this guy looks like clint eastwood? hello, i am applying for cu boulder 2013  what should i go see while i'm here? about obama's visit... hmmmm... in response to the heavy crackdown on 4/20 this year, we should look for... yeah, good luck with that. places for reggae/dub/funk band to play at cuboulder? anybody wanna go to the mardi gras rave down in denver? tickets are only... free writing help at cu in boulder, co last-minute applicant chegg books from microsoft student rep is it possible to get out of library fines from norlin? so who is that guy with the trombone on the left side of the umc stage? ralphie is losing to the michigan blue banner in a espn sports nation po... any evernote love, cuboulder? frigging classes! like ron paul? join the newly formed student group dedicated to getting ... occupy boulder is hammenin' considering submitting a petition to permanently change the name of the ... what's r/cuboulder's male to female ratio? any gay guys out there? beware! wikipedia is going dark on wednesday! quantitative reasoning and math skills book why csu still sucks..... any cu ents? you may register a complaint about today's policies with the university ... a great tour of campus (that may give you nightmares) cu &gt; anywhere else so i got an interview ... for what? how fucked am i? occupy cu announcing our fall campaign: question everything [x-post from... obama back in coors event center on thursday! election day questions chill gal trying to decide if i should transfer to boulder as a junior? ... i would have been thankful. (x-post from /r/denver) current cu boulder student looking for information on how to become a ta just got assigned to cheyenne arapaho hall just got assigned to darley north! waiting for housing assignments...the anticipation is killing me any cool places to hang out on campus? anyone watch (or know about) the chancellor's state of the campus addres... psa. libraries are for quiet studying only.