 oregon has 7th seed in pac 12 tourney, will play oregon state in the fi... oregon has 7th seed in pac 12 tourney, will play oregon state in the fi... ducks top no. 3 arizona 64-57! ducks top no. 3 arizona 64-57! ducks top no. 3 arizona 64-57! ducks top no. 3 arizona 64-57! ducks top no. 3 arizona 64-57! matt knight arena right now matt knight arena right now matt knight arena right now fuck yes. fuck yes. fuck yes. let's talk pac 12 tourney no. 3 arizona at oregon tips off at 1:00 on cbs. mka sold out. former oregon coach mike bellotti nominated for college football hall o... former oregon coach mike bellotti nominated for college football hall o... former oregon coach mike bellotti nominated for college football hall o... former oregon coach mike bellotti nominated for college football hall o... former oregon coach mike bellotti nominated for college football hall o... espn.com ncb bracketology [ducks also listed as a 10 seed] espn.com ncb bracketology [ducks also listed as a 10 seed] de'anthony thomas learning how to swim de'anthony thomas learning how to swim conversation on twitter with mack brown about best qb he's faced in coa... conversation on twitter with mack brown about best qb he's faced in coa... conversation on twitter with mack brown about best qb he's faced in coa... conversation on twitter with mack brown about best qb he's faced in coa... uofo 85 asu 78 uofo 85 asu 78 ducks projected as a 10th seed in buffalo right now. ducks projected as a 10th seed in buffalo right now. oregon basketball rises to the occasion with sixth straight victory, bea... austin's career night leads uo over asu, off ncaa bubble - goducks.com ducks ride the wave ducks sweep seattle in spur-of-the-moment doubleheader photo gallery: m-basketball vs. arizona state - goducks.com oregon ducks will not renew paul westhead's contract as women's basketba... ol zach okun commits to the ducks join the discussion: oregon vs asu game thread in /r/collegebasketball oregon softball: courtney ceo has the ducks flying high on offense darron thomas among qbs left for portland thunder after roster cuts darron thomas among qbs left for portland thunder after roster cuts coach dana altman campaigns for students to attend arizona state game: o... gameday: student managers share a bond with the team that extends far be... oregon basketball needs you! arizona state at oregon: ducks basketball game day the original black momba meets kobe black mamba the original black momba meets kobe black mamba the original black momba meets kobe black mamba the sidebar image... football team motivated by defeat, energized by changes football team motivated by defeat, energized by changes postseason drive continues tuesday against arizona state - goducks.com explaining oregon's scenario to claim 4th in the pac-12 oregon's moser voted pac-12 men's basketball player of the week moser nabs pac-12, national honors - goducks.com dana altman fairly disciplined damyean dotson oregon's mike moser earns athlon sports player of the week honors over the river and through the woods with win over sc ducks get to 20 wins for fourth straight season. move ... with win over sc ducks get to 20 wins for fourth straight season. move ... reasons for attending u of oregon? is the toolbar in this subreddit broken for anyone else? oregon 19-8 wins @ ucla 21-7 in double overtime oregon 19-8 wins @ ucla 21-7 in double overtime oregon 19-8 wins @ ucla 21-7 in double overtime asserting himself: mariota takes on a leadership role after returning t... asserting himself: mariota takes on a leadership role after returning t... asserting himself: mariota takes on a leadership role after returning t... oregon basketball @ ucla, huge game: come support and discuss the ducks ... ucla bruins suspend jordan adams, kyle anderson for 1 game ducks seniors ready for ucla rematch oregon practices might hold more answers than 'baloney' ncaa 10-second p... oregon ducks baseball prepares to host cal state fullteron til bruce hornsby's son russell runs track at uofo byron marshall, oregon ducks plan bounce back from late 2013 swoon byron marshall, oregon ducks plan bounce back from late 2013 swoon former oregon ducks star qb darron thomas has first practice with arena... former oregon ducks star qb darron thomas has first practice with arena... former oregon football player colt lyerla wins $10,000 at nfl combine former oregon football player colt lyerla wins $10,000 at nfl combine oregon rundown: mike moser returns to pauley pavilion knowing he must pl... ncaa college basketball tournament bracket predictions [ducks still bein... ducks use 6-run first inning to blowout portland 8-2 in home-opening win ncaaf offseason spotlight: oregon [brown, te] proof: dat got robbed at the combine. dat vs. clowney. proof: dat got robbed at the combine. dat vs. clowney. proof: dat got robbed at the combine. dat vs. clowney. proof: dat got robbed at the combine. dat vs. clowney. proof: dat got robbed at the combine. dat vs. clowney. uo cards lowest all-time tourney score - [w.golf] goducks.com 2014 nfl combine: oregon's boseko lokombo runs sixth-fastest 40-yard das... freshmen make an impact right off the bat for oregon baseball sitting on bubble, uo can "go out and take it" this week - goducks.com oregon baseball: ducks rally to defeat lmu 4-3, sweep series ducks use big second half to beat cougs 67-53 ducks use big second half to beat cougs 67-53 dat has terrible combine damyean dotson cited for using false identification at eugene bar damyean dotson cited for using false identification at eugene bar would you recommend te colt lyerla to an nfl team?? would you recommend te colt lyerla to an nfl team?? oregon 78, washington 71: ducks' modest victory achieves milestones and ... ducks top low down dirty dogs 78-71 ducks top low down dirty dogs 78-71 ducks top low down dirty dogs 78-71 the pit crew hacked uw's dawg pack website to redirect to uopitcrew.com... the pit crew hacked uw's dawg pack website to redirect to uopitcrew.com... the pit crew hacked uw's dawg pack website to redirect to uopitcrew.com... the pit crew hacked uw's dawg pack website to redirect to uopitcrew.com... the pit crew hacked uw's dawg pack website to redirect to uopitcrew.com... mac &amp; mose 2-18 talking about the current recruiting class. oregon's new accountability is a hallmark of don pellum, who demands duc... congrats! we made the list of the top 25 for most expensive football gam... college track &amp; field: uo women regain the no. 1 indoor ranking college track &amp; field: uo women regain the no. 1 indoor ranking ranking college football's 25 hardest schedules for 2014 [ducks #22 in t... ranking pac-12 north 2014 nonconference football schedules former oregon duck terrance mitchell touts nfl physicality but notes men... oregon recruiting and moneyball: it's not all about the stars alleyne sets uo, pac-12 rebound records in loss to ucla - goducks.com sse: oregon defensive coordinator don pellum one-on-one with jake zivin 2000 ducks 2000 ducks 2000 ducks senior bowl: the wrs: ducks' huff 'wins the week' ducks top osu in civil war ducks top osu in civil war ducks top osu in civil war ducks top osu in civil war taylor hart's nfl draft diary (part two): combine preparation comes 'dow... oregon ducks football: moments that matter bralon addison serves notice scott frost is ducks top recruiter in 2014 scott frost is ducks top recruiter in 2014 oregon ducks recruiting: keisean lucier-south, cecil cherry, arden key o... wake-up call: ducks in the draft oregon baseball: miami marlins' loss is oregon's gain in freshman pitche... notes: ducks visit easton desert classic - goducks.com - the university ... gameday: oregon football players struggle transitioning to basketball, b... oregon recruiting review: ducks' class of 2011 justified its top billing ducks baseball: coach george horton, players, talk about losing pitcher ... nice- oregon is the far &amp; above most popular pac team in /r/cfb acc... nice- oregon is the far &amp; above most popular pac team in /r/cfb acc... nice- oregon is the far &amp; above most popular pac team in /r/cfb acc... nice- oregon is the far &amp; above most popular pac team in /r/cfb acc... michael manns: incredible football journey ncaa football rules committee proposes offense can't snap the ball until... three potential ncaa bid-stealers to keep an eye on (ducks mentioned as ... oregon rundown: for now, oregon's still favored in ncaa tournament proje... the importance of joseph young and roberto nelson increases as oregon an... oregon rb thomas tyner rushed for 640 yards and 10 tds...in one high sch... oregon rundown: pk park proposal a memorable moment for baseball senior ... oregon ducks baseball: offensive experience returns, but where is the po... photos: the top 10 graphics from signing day (9 - oregon: this is oregon... macklemore takes us inside his sneaker rotation usa today sports' ncaa tournament bracketology (ducks still projected to... oregon rundown: ducks' arizona state loss was a near-miss at making ncaa... ducks baseball starts on friday in hawaii x/post from r/funny a little civil war humor. x/post from r/funny a little civil war humor. x/post from r/funny a little civil war humor. oregon basketball: uo coaches tell police they were spit on by arizona ... oregon basketball: uo coaches tell police they were spit on by arizona ... lithuania stole our civil war uniforms. lithuania stole our civil war uniforms. 2015 nfl mock draft - mariota projected #1 pick in first round to oakland. 2015 nfl mock draft - mariota projected #1 pick in first round to oakland. oregon basketball: saving any hope for the ncaa tournament begins agains... no. 2 cats rally past ducks - goducks.com chile duck's duck depth chart 2014 signees ducks fail to close out yet again in heartbreaking 67-65 loss to wildcats no. 2 arizona 67, oregon 65: instead of a momentous victory, ducks fall ... uo student set to compete at sochi winter olympics uo student set to compete at sochi winter olympics oregon football recruiting: the secret behind oregon's success is changing wildcats still a handful without ashley | the register-guard oregon ducks signing day: mark helfrich takes the time to praise new dc ... are we moving to a 1-4-6 scheme on d? football class of 2014 football class of 2014 how national signing day played out behind the scenes oregon signing class at a glance: mark helfrich's quick take on every ne... curtis safety mattrell mcgraw commits to oregon ducks curtis safety mattrell mcgraw commits to oregon ducks 2014 football recruiting team rankings oregon football recruiting: 5-star running back royce freeman, 4-star sa... gameday: 2014 oregon football commits lead by character oregon ducks signing day 2014: comparing chip kelly, mark helfrich class... oregon ducks signing day 2014: track mark helfrich's recruiting class morgan mahalak discusses his commitment to oregon ducks (video) 2014 nfl draft: combine list includes 85 underclassmen (5 from the uofo) henry mondeaux - te from portland, or (recent signee) austin maloata [recent signee video] oregon basketball: how the ducks are turning their ncaa tournament press... oregon's gary campbell and the richest recruiting story ever told oregon's gary campbell and the richest recruiting story ever told brown provides early presence from 2014 recruiting class - goducks.com oregon football: which 2014 duck commitments are most likely to make an ... behind the crystal ball: 5-star ath john 'juju' smith (oregon in the le... behind the crystal ball: 5-star ath john 'juju' smith (oregon in the le... catching up with former oregon volleyball star alaina bergsma. web extra: altman, moser, loyd austin maloata (6'3" 270 lb dl) recaps his oregon visit (possible "done ... dana altman criticizes imbalance of sunday scheduling for oregon, and he... caught in a shooting slump, oregon basketball's joseph young found his a... signing day countdown: oregon commit tony james top pac-12 performances oregon ducks marcus mariota against washington f**k!! oregon pitcher cole irvin will undergo tommy john surgery, miss 2... 15 reasons why the university of oregon duck is the best mascot around 15 reasons why the university of oregon duck is the best mascot around great picture from last night during uncle phil night. (via brian davies) great picture from last night during uncle phil night. (via brian davies) great picture from last night during uncle phil night. (via brian davies) great picture from last night during uncle phil night. (via brian davies) great picture from last night during uncle phil night. (via brian davies) defensive end austin maloata commits to oregon defensive end austin maloata commits to oregon john boyett, after a controversial year, is at the superbowl with denver. john boyett, after a controversial year, is at the superbowl with denver. an ohio high school has helmets that are awfully familiar. an ohio high school has helmets that are awfully familiar. this whole team looks familiar. i present the inland empire ducks of cal... what unger likes about eugene and the ducks what unger likes about eugene and the ducks thurmond: out here to represent uo signing day countdown: oregon commit haniteli lousi oregon football: suspended cornerback troy hill pleads guilty to menacin... mac &amp; mose 1/31 [video talking about oregon's defensive depth] football team connects with students as intramural basketball champs. walter thurmond on chip in college vs nfl oregon football recruiting: a 2014 class defined by long-held commitment... missed opportunity nike unveils new basketball uniforms nike unveils new basketball uniforms 2015 4-star qb kyler muray names oregon in his top five 2015 4-star qb kyler muray names oregon in his top five johnny loyd rocking the mask tonight after breaking his nose two days ago. charles nelson commits to ducks signing day countdown: oregon commit tanner carew oregon rundown: altman likes what he sees from transfer brandon austin softball third in preseason pac-12 poll - goducks.com sand volleyball announces schedule - goducks.com springs-time for uo usatoday preseason baseball poll [uo #7] taylor hart's nfl draft diary: a new start and a broken bone for former... taylor hart's nfl draft diary: a new start and a broken bone for former... oregon's johnathan loyd breaks nose, could miss ucla game an infographic that compares jillian alleyne's sophomore season with sta... signing day countdown: oregon commit jalen jelks o heroes at greenhill humane society a young chip kelly! a young chip kelly! a young chip kelly! it's official!!!! i'll be in eugene on wednesday!!!! excited to get bac... it's official!!!! i'll be in eugene on wednesday!!!! excited to get bac... it's official!!!! i'll be in eugene on wednesday!!!! excited to get bac... arik armstead has left the oregon ducks basketball program to focus sole... 2014 ducks will have a key weapon they've lacked: a reliable kicker wit... 2014 ducks will have a key weapon they've lacked: a reliable kicker wit... the ducks men's rugby team has come a long way in just the past few year... signing day countdown: oregon commit royce freeman charles nelson new wr commitment. top 2013 performances: oregon ducks' bralon addison through hair-cutting, rodney witherspoon has ingrained himself in oregon... ncaa di national team rankings [uo women #1, men #3] the greatest oregon ducks super bowl moments chip kelly hires former ducks bill musgrave, michael clay as philadelph... chip kelly hires former ducks bill musgrave, michael clay as philadelph... chip kelly hires former ducks bill musgrave, michael clay as philadelph... the flight was fine but i kept getting nauseous every time i looked out ... signing day countdown: oregon commit royce freeman national athletes of the week rewrite the record books : (ustfccca) [ore... pac-12 player coundtown no. 15 ifo ekpre-olomu oregon ducks cornerback oregon rundown: does ducks' streak-breaking win come with an asterisk, o... the eight types of oregon duck videos on youtube oregon ducks football: four key positions in flux oregon track &amp; field rundown: a fast start to what promises to be a ... 2013 season in review: special teams - goducks.com pro bowl pro bowl senior bowl question villanova wr coach on how chip kelly is adapting oregon's offense to th... villanova wr coach on how chip kelly is adapting oregon's offense to th... tj and jairus in honolulu! tj and jairus in honolulu! tj and jairus in honolulu! tj and jairus in honolulu! happy i hate washington day happy i hate washington day the oregon ducks poster collection josh huff, former oregon receiver, says he's 'turned some heads' during ... well this fucking sucks... pac-12 football senior bowl: day 3 [with notes on huff as a rising wr] budda baker talks about rescinding his commitment from oregon ducks oregon rundown: an opportunity for a win, self-confidence and ben carter opening odds for 2014-15 national championship altman accentuating the positive as uw road game looms - goducks.com 2013 season in review: defensive backs - goducks.com come support the hockey team in the i5 cup! oregon baseball: george horton on ducks' rotation and the 2014 season (v... oregon baseball: jake reed discusses upcoming season - video north team gets physical in day 2 senior bowl practice [josh huff stand... north team gets physical in day 2 senior bowl practice [josh huff stand... signing day countdown: oregon commit de justin hollins young among wooden award midseason 25 - goducks.com 2013 season in review: linebackers - goducks.com march 1939: before the madness [a book about some duck basketball history] pac-12 2013 top 25 rankings no. 23 oregon ducks c hroniss grasu tj ward selected to first career pro bowl replaces troy polamalu. tj ward selected to first career pro bowl replaces troy polamalu. tj ward selected to first career pro bowl replaces troy polamalu. my first thought when i heard that centurylink field reached 107 db for ... oregon basketball: ducks' maligned front line visit washington with tall... bill musgrave [former duck qb] intriguing hire as philadelphia eagles' q... you belong at pk park in 2014 [video] former ducks ol kyle long named to the nfl pro bowl former ducks ol kyle long named to the nfl pro bowl former ducks ol kyle long named to the nfl pro bowl a dynamic potential - morgan mahalak (2014 qb recruit) huge hit from oregon's win over washington chip coulda shoulda woulda learned from mark forde minutes: marquee names are being upstaged, and it could shake up n... 2013 season in review: defensive line - goducks.com akili smith university of oregon ducks highlights (1997-1998) 2013 season in review: offensive line - goducks.com oregon rundown: where does ducks basketball go from here? oregon can't deal with a poor showing on defense as they drop their four... inside read 1.20.14 - all things oregon recruiting losing streak reaches four in corvallis - goducks.com oregon second in espn way-to-early top 25 duck wallpaper, enjoy ;) duck wallpaper, enjoy ;) duck wallpaper, enjoy ;) duck wallpaper, enjoy ;) morgan mahalak [qb recruit in 2014 class] final 2013 highlights budda baker backs out of verbal commit will visit the school in seattle. budda baker backs out of verbal commit will visit the school in seattle. chip kelly's top 15 quotes in his first year as eagles head coach chip kelly's top 15 quotes in his first year as eagles head coach chip kelly's top 15 quotes in his first year as eagles head coach oregon football recruiting: budda baker decommits from ducks galen rupp shatters american indoor 5k record | bu multi-team meet 2014 chip kelly named maxwell club [pro]coach of the year chip kelly named maxwell club [pro]coach of the year chip kelly named maxwell club [pro]coach of the year chip kelly named maxwell club [pro]coach of the year chip kelly named maxwell club [pro]coach of the year oregon ducks recruiting update: shifting gears in search of defensive t... oregon ducks recruiting update: shifting gears in search of defensive t... thomas leaving oregon for nfl - espn video thomas leaving oregon for nfl - espn video marcus mariota wins cfpa quarterback trophy - goducks.com erik chinander tabbed oregon outside linebackers coach - goducks.com erik chinander tabbed oregon outside linebackers coach - goducks.com john neal decides to stay at oregon john neal decides to stay at oregon john neal decides to stay at oregon john neal decides to stay at oregon gpa and test scores show uo student-athletes academically prepared gpa and test scores show uo student-athletes academically prepared [osu coach]robinson decries transfer rules [takes swipe at oregon] the r... 2013 season in review: running backs - goducks.com legarrette blount makes the cover of sports illustrated. legarrette blount makes the cover of sports illustrated. kiko wins pfwa defensive rookie of the year kiko wins pfwa defensive rookie of the year kiko wins pfwa defensive rookie of the year lamarcus aldridge (blazers) lost a bet and wore oregon gear all day lamarcus aldridge (blazers) lost a bet and wore oregon gear all day lamarcus aldridge (blazers) lost a bet and wore oregon gear all day mo mo in the 2002 fiesta bowl. oregon ducks officially name don pellum defensive coordinator, succeedin... against the indianapolis colts, new england's legarrette blount gives u... against the indianapolis colts, new england's legarrette blount gives u... pellum's plan of attack mixes what's worked with tweaks - goducks.com how will the oregon recruiting class finish? find out here: oregon assistant john neal to interview for uab head coaching position oregon athletics adapts website to better serve fans kiko alonso is in the running for nfl rookie of the year. you can vote t... nfl.com - vote for rookie of the year [vote for kiko] quack fix: quarterbacks review and both basketball teams struggling moseley: uo season will go one of two ways at this point - goducks.com [... ducks receive top-four preseason rankings - goducks.com [track] oregon 2014 football targets oregon 2014 football targets in remembrance of the 2013 ducks and the hope for 2014 oregon basketball: normally quiet, jason calliste doesn't shy away from ... lb coach don pellum will be next defensive coordinator lb coach don pellum will be next defensive coordinator nick aliotti's retirement is felt deeply in bay area, where his influenc... football program adds three newcomers for winter quarter - goducks.com ducks drop 2nd game in a row, this time to unranked cal smh oregon football will officially go at least 4004 days without a loss to... oregon football will officially go at least 4004 days without a loss to... oregon football will officially go at least 4004 days without a loss to... oregon football will officially go at least 4004 days without a loss to... oregon football will officially go at least 4004 days without a loss to... 2014 football schedule released baby yellow ducks sitting on a log - so sweet! baby yellow ducks sitting on a log - so sweet! baby yellow ducks sitting on a log - so sweet! 4 star basketball recruit brandon austin to transfer from providence to... 4 star basketball recruit brandon austin to transfer from providence to... ducks finish 9th in final coaches poll ducks finish 9th in final coaches poll rob moseley: ifo ekpre-olomu to return for his senior season. rob moseley: ifo ekpre-olomu to return for his senior season. rob moseley: ifo ekpre-olomu to return for his senior season. rob moseley: ifo ekpre-olomu to return for his senior season. rob moseley: ifo ekpre-olomu to return for his senior season. ducks land 4-star olb jimmie swain ducks land 4-star olb jimmie swain ducks land 4-star olb jimmie swain ducks land 4-star olb jimmie swain sign uncle phil's 76th birthday card dat to pass up senior year, enter draft dat to pass up senior year, enter draft dat to pass up senior year, enter draft dat leaving for nfl ? huuummmmm future looks bright for the ducks future looks bright for the ducks future looks bright for the ducks future looks bright for the ducks future looks bright for the ducks any ducks fans been following the eagles this year? any ducks fans been following the eagles this year? elgin cook dunked so hard vs utah that the net bumped the ball out elgin cook dunked so hard vs utah that the net bumped the ball out the ducks are the winningest team of the decade at 47-6. the ducks are the winningest team of the decade at 47-6. the ducks are the winningest team of the decade at 47-6. the ducks are the winningest team of the decade at 47-6. we beat texas, texas beat oklahoma, oklahoma beat bama; by the transiti... we beat texas, texas beat oklahoma, oklahoma beat bama; by the transiti... oregon beats utah on buzzer beating dunk in overtime! oregon beats utah on buzzer beating dunk in overtime! oregon beats utah on buzzer beating dunk in overtime! oregon cb terrance mitchell to enter nfl draft oregon cb terrance mitchell to enter nfl draft #10 ducks at utes tonight 5pm pst #10 ducks at utes tonight 5pm pst dat instagrammed "one more year" dat instagrammed "one more year" dat instagrammed "one more year" dat instagrammed "one more year" blount named afc offensive player of the week blount named afc offensive player of the week blount named afc offensive player of the week i just don't even know how to react to this. facemask/horsecollar not c... i just don't even know how to react to this. facemask/horsecollar not c... i just don't even know how to react to this. facemask/horsecollar not c... i just don't even know how to react to this. facemask/horsecollar not c... i just don't even know how to react to this. facemask/horsecollar not c... i just don't even know how to react to this. facemask/horsecollar not c... oregon beats texas in the 2013 alamo bowl, 30-7 oregon beats texas in the 2013 alamo bowl, 30-7 oregon beats texas in the 2013 alamo bowl, 30-7 josh huff is oregon's leading single season receiver, tied for most rec... josh huff is oregon's leading single season receiver, tied for most rec... "records come and go, but the victories stay forever" - josh huff tyler johnstone tore his acl during the alamo bowl tyler johnstone tore his acl during the alamo bowl oregon and texas battle in dance-off at alamo bowl talent show oregon and texas battle in dance-off at alamo bowl talent show oregon ducks rise two spots to no. 10 in ap basketball poll oregon ducks rise two spots to no. 10 in ap basketball poll game stream an off-the-hook matchup in alamo country ducks in green-white-white with green socks and shoes for the alamo bowl. alamo bowl: 5 things to watch for in no. 10 oregon vs. texas oregon coach mark helfrich should not judged on the outcome of today's a... caught this on fox sports 1. apparently the duck's schedule was full. caught this on fox sports 1. apparently the duck's schedule was full. huff needs 88 yards to break the oregon single-season receiving mark huff needs 88 yards to break the oregon single-season receiving mark huff needs 88 yards to break the oregon single-season receiving mark alamo bowl end-zone design/cleats revealed alamo bowl end-zone design/cleats revealed best part of the husky game so far. best part of the husky game so far. best part of the husky game so far. best part of the husky game so far. best part of the husky game so far. best part of the husky game so far. best part of the husky game so far. nick aliotti retiring after the alamo bowl. nick aliotti retiring after the alamo bowl. ducks in state college, pa ifo expected to come back next year. ifo expected to come back next year. ifo expected to come back next year. stumbled upon a team pic of the 1916 team who won the rose bowl. stumbled upon a team pic of the 1916 team who won the rose bowl. stumbled upon a team pic of the 1916 team who won the rose bowl. stumbled upon a team pic of the 1916 team who won the rose bowl. houston rockets guard aaron brooks reflects on his career on oregon and ... [request] you vs yesterday macklemore just instagramed his new kicks macklemore just instagramed his new kicks macklemore just instagramed his new kicks macklemore just instagramed his new kicks macklemore just instagramed his new kicks official oregon presents post official oregon presents post girlfriend gave me an early christmas present. ducks beat byu 100 to 96. ducks beat byu 100 to 96. ducks beat byu 100 to 96. ducks beat byu 100 to 96. ducks beat byu 100 to 96. #4 safety budda baker commits to oregon #4 safety budda baker commits to oregon #4 safety budda baker commits to oregon #4 safety budda baker commits to oregon #4 safety budda baker commits to oregon new uniforms for the alamo bowl and next year new uniforms for the alamo bowl and next year new uniforms for the alamo bowl and next year new uniforms for the alamo bowl and next year new nike mach speed uniforms new nike mach speed uniforms oregon defensive coordinator nick aliotti seems like pretty damn cool guy. sub improvements sub improvements 2014 early bird college football preview (#5 oregon vs. #6 michigan st.... 2014 early bird college football preview (#5 oregon vs. #6 michigan st.... bears' [kyle]long credits [chip]kelly for his maturity bears' [kyle]long credits [chip]kelly for his maturity uw investigating possible recruiting violations by tosh lupoi another pic of oregon's johnathan loyd 5'8'' and uc irvineis mamadou nd... another pic of oregon's johnathan loyd 5'8'' and uc irvineis mamadou nd... another pic of oregon's johnathan loyd 5'8'' and uc irvineis mamadou nd... another pic of oregon's johnathan loyd 5'8'' and uc irvineis mamadou nd... merry christmas... go ducks! merry christmas... go ducks! mariota with a beard talks about home, the bowl, and staying at oregon oregon football practice report dec. 18 -ducks got physical in practice ... college football's most valuable teams 2013 (ducks at #19) dana altman wants to utilize his depth to the fullest extent and get agg... will tukuafu returning to 49ers uc irvine's mamadou ndiaye (7' 6") battles oregon's johnathan loyd (5' 8... lebron james wearing his duck basketball jordans lebron james wearing his duck basketball jordans lebron james wearing his duck basketball jordans lebron james wearing his duck basketball jordans lebron james wearing his duck basketball jordans undefeated no. 11 oregon getting reinforcements undefeated no. 11 oregon getting reinforcements alamo bowl: with defensive backfield in flux, young oregon safeties see ... state of the state colt lyerla: judge denies former oregon tight end's proposal to live and... oregon rundown: ducks' tallest hurdle yet (three 7' players) stands in t... college basketball coaches then and now - dana altman oregon ducks football: hroniss grasu and ifo ekpre-olomu receive all-ame... defensive back troy hill arrested for assault and suspended indefinitely defensive back troy hill arrested for assault and suspended indefinitely thomas tyner dealing with hamstring injury; byron marshall pegged to st... thomas tyner dealing with hamstring injury; byron marshall pegged to st... high-scoring oregon is talented, unbeaten and about to get even better ... high-scoring oregon is talented, unbeaten and about to get even better ... high-scoring oregon is talented, unbeaten and about to get even better ... ducks move up to 13th ducks move up to 13th terrance mitchell and ifo ekpre-olomu are the players oregon fans should... ed dickson quietly producing for ravens' tight end corps q&amp;a: 5 questions with espn's jay bilas on oregon basketball the importance of the alamo bowl for the oregon ducks 2014 current pacific-12 football recruiting team rankings (ducks sitting... the ap top 25 poll | college basketball rankings, ducks move up to numbe... chiefs are relying on guard geoff schwartz's run blocking an early heisman list for 2014 2013 247sports true freshman all-american team - rb - thomas tyner, oregon the masked duck! the masked duck! duck walks in slow motion duck walks in slow motion oregon's texas natives excited for alamo bowl homecoming - goducks.com ifo ekpre-olomu was named an all-american ifo ekpre-olomu was named an all-american ifo ekpre-olomu was named an all-american ifo ekpre-olomu was named an all-american highlights from darron thomas on talkin' ball oregon ducks football bold predictions revisited john boyett back in the saddle with the denver broncos john boyett back in the saddle with the denver broncos frost and wilcox reportedly interview for boise state head coaching job. 100 best photos 2013 ducks football season - goducks.com key visits for oregon ucla washington usc cal and more 2013-14 ncaa division i college basketball team statistics (ducks near t... q&amp;a with former oregon ducks quarterback darron thomas (now playing... q&amp;a with former oregon ducks quarterback darron thomas (now playing... q&amp;a with former oregon ducks quarterback darron thomas (now playing... q &amp; a with nfl legend randall cunningham. (talks about mariota) oregon football recruiting update: haniteli lousi makes 3rd offensive li... great photo from @oheroes of @wintheday visiting kids in the hospital. #... graduated last spring from oregon, got my wallets into the duck stores!... graduated last spring from oregon, got my wallets into the duck stores!... tosh lupoi continues recruiting oregon commit tui talia but possibly not... ducks, fighting illini clash in pdx - goducks.com a first look at the texas longhorns every bowl game ranked from 1 to 35 pac-12 conference football recruiting class rankings analysis 2014 bryan bennett (se louisiana) to take on chip kelly's old team (new hamp... bryan bennett (se louisiana) to take on chip kelly's old team (new hamp... scout.com: 2015: stidham offered by ducks scout.com: 2015: stidham offered by ducks the big snow... of '69 oregon basketball: ducks ready to mix reinforcements dominic artis and b... women's basketball junior reporter contest announced - goducks.com haniteli lousi (ol) has committed to oregon, currently 6'5" 295 lbs. haniteli lousi (ol) has committed to oregon, currently 6'5" 295 lbs. ducks recruiting class ranked no. 6 in nation - [baseball] ducks recruiting class ranked no. 6 in nation - [baseball] ducks recruiting class ranked no. 6 in nation - [baseball] what now oregon? te pharaoh brown suspended from alamo bowl for role in snowgate 2013 te pharaoh brown suspended from alamo bowl for role in snowgate 2013 te pharaoh brown suspended from alamo bowl for role in snowgate 2013 marcus mariota and hroniss grasu react oregon ducks alamo bowl marcus mariota and hroniss grasu react oregon ducks alamo bowl iama san antonian since graduating from uofo, former tour guide and san... iama san antonian since graduating from uofo, former tour guide and san... iama san antonian since graduating from uofo, former tour guide and san... iama san antonian since graduating from uofo, former tour guide and san... its bcs streak over, no. 10 oregon bound for first alamo bowl to face texas uofo players face disciplinary actions over snowball fight in case you guys haven't noticed, this duck men's basketball team is fo... in case you guys haven't noticed, this duck men's basketball team is fo... in case you guys haven't noticed, this duck men's basketball team is fo... in case you guys haven't noticed, this duck men's basketball team is fo... statement by professor involved in uo football/student snowball inciden... statement by professor involved in uo football/student snowball inciden... statement by professor involved in uo football/student snowball inciden... statement by professor involved in uo football/student snowball inciden... who is making the trip to san antonio? will kenjon barner get any touches tonight? well, if we didn't look stupid enough, now there's this well, if we didn't look stupid enough, now there's this well, if we didn't look stupid enough, now there's this updated rooting interests for an oregon bcs berth ducks playing in the snow ducks playing in the snow ducks playing in the snow ducks playing in the snow bcs chances. chris petersen is expected to be named next head coach at washington. he... marcus mariota staying at oregon was the right move for many reasons marcus mariota staying at oregon was the right move for many reasons hroniss grasu, ducks' all-conference center, says it was 'no brainer' t... hroniss grasu, ducks' all-conference center, says it was 'no brainer' t... hroniss grasu, ducks' all-conference center, says it was 'no brainer' t... joey harrington: oregon vs. alabama would be bad for ducks joey harrington: oregon vs. alabama would be bad for ducks josh huff on brink of making history after heroic civil war performance comparing the ducks: oregon more explosive in 2013, but key failings kee... ok, what the hell happened to the defense? - atq boise st coach chris peterson interviewing for uw job tomorrow. your tho... chip kelly telling the press that he is "not smart enough" in the only w... so...i'm thinking dat is gone... so...i'm thinking dat is gone... chip kelly says marcus mariota made 'good decision' to return to oregon chip kelly says marcus mariota made 'good decision' to return to oregon chip kelly says marcus mariota made 'good decision' to return to oregon marcus mariota is not one of the six players featured in an official he... marcus mariota is not one of the six players featured in an official he... mic'd up: rb lamichael james mic'd up: rb lamichael james air jordan 5 oregon ducks available on ebay, not cheap taking a look at oregon's game winning drive over oregon state so, next year not worried about offense but defense..... what happened to jason quick covering the ducks? last story i can think ... those jaded little /r/huskies... slow but steady rise in recruiting class for ducks. they're back!!! (mariota and grasu announce they will be back next season) they're back!!! (mariota and grasu announce they will be back next season) they're back!!! (mariota and grasu announce they will be back next season) they're back!!! (mariota and grasu announce they will be back next season) they're back!!! (mariota and grasu announce they will be back next season) they're back!!! (mariota and grasu announce they will be back next season) they're back!!! (mariota and grasu announce they will be back next season) marcus mariota of oregon ducks to return for junior season oregon ducks football season in review: quarterbacks oregon's josh huff, 'disrespected' by pac-12 honorable mention, has a s... oregon's josh huff, 'disrespected' by pac-12 honorable mention, has a s... chip gon' chip what the returns of marcus mariota and hroniss grasu mean for oregon foo... how fei and s+p see a game that might be: oregon vs. alabama marcus mariota return makes oregon ducks pac-12 favorite bcs projects oregon to play alabama in orange bowl. bcs projects oregon to play alabama in orange bowl. bcs projects oregon to play alabama in orange bowl. washington's coaching shakeup doesn't benefit ducks in recruitment of el... oregon ducks football: atq spends the day with lmj track and field earns dual no. 1 recruiting rankings - goducks.com let's talk head coach. top five gear walls in college athletics carey motors past mariota for pac12 poy former oregon ducks in the nfl: 12/2 should oregon go for ed orgeron as a d-line coach? should oregon go for ed orgeron as a d-line coach? slightly better and brighter sidebar pic slightly better and brighter sidebar pic kyle long wins civil war bet with bears teammate (and osu grad) washington announces new coach already! josh huff - national wr performer of the week josh huff - national wr performer of the week congrats to marcus, hroniss, ifo,(1st team) hart, dargan (2nd) for makin... scout.com: ducks surge to 7-0 scout.com: ducks surge to 7-0 oregon football recruiting update: ducks land 3 commits in week; 2 visit... oregon ducks football #12 in bcs standings oregon ducks football #12 in bcs standings glen ihenacho: 2014 db hits very hard - oregon commit mixtape (serra) - ... following the outcome of the alabama-auburn game, ducks look forward to ... inside dana altman's contract extension: more money for ncaa tournament ... highest scoring ducks game - ducks have never come close to matching thi... oregon men's basketball: oregon's fast start tames mustangs with sark taking the usc job... some opinion about "cheap talk" before a game. could wisconsin loss open the door for oregon to get back into the bcs? could wisconsin loss open the door for oregon to get back into the bcs? should oregon bring back the "we want bama" shirts now that there is a p... what a game. what a game. what a game. miss this guy (x r/eagles) miss this guy (x r/eagles) miss this guy (x r/eagles) miss this guy (x r/eagles) trevor romaine, alejandro maldonado share friendship that spans highs, l... ssi's shred of the month - civil war 2013 4-star lb jimmie swain may decommit from tcu, supposedly leaning toward... 4-star lb jimmie swain may decommit from tcu, supposedly leaning toward... 4-star lb jimmie swain may decommit from tcu, supposedly leaning toward... mariota among 10 manning award finalists - goducks.com - the university ... nick aliotti press conference: civil war week "they have a good team, ex... cheserek recounts ncaa championship race scout.com: ducks want more levi's stadium to host cal-oregon friday game - california golden bears ... tako tuesdays thinks it was just one game mac &amp; mose 11-25 [video] oregon state police news releases "civil war" game day reminders for the... cheserek (true freshman) earns national athlete of the year award for di... raw video: nick aliotti says best cure for loss to arizona will be win o... oregon vs. oregon state 2013 - statistical viewpoint softball signs star-studded class oregon state refusing hangover following loss football recruiter rankings, 4 oregon coaches in top 15. pick me up after the tough loss: sebastian bach's oregon ducks' power ba... chris long keeps brother kyle long from kicking rams teammate chris long keeps brother kyle long from kicking rams teammate chris long keeps brother kyle long from kicking rams teammate ducks work past complacency civil war: good seats are still available after duck students fail to se... 23 finalists announced for the home depot college football awards (orego... braden eggert is a 6-7, 305-pound offensive tackle from napa, ca. he has... coach ron aiken's [def line] kid is a rhodes scholar and will enter oxf... coach ron aiken's [def line] kid is a rhodes scholar and will enter oxf... the stats aftermath: downward spiral dat's one handed grab from another angle. practice report nov. 25 report: cb walter thurmond suspended four games oregon continues to look really good in spurts this season 2013 offensive coordinators of the year finalists. bcs standings: oregon falls to no. 13 after loss to arizona bcs standings: oregon falls to no. 13 after loss to arizona ducks' mark helfrich picks a painful and costly time to learn a coaching... oregon coach mark helfrich post-arizona: 'i think there's definitely an ... disappointed that a bunch of oregon fans have turned on the players and ... pac-12 bowl projections two losses this season... thoughts on dat? mariota staying humble after zona l mariota staying humble after zona l ducks state of the (football) union (after arizona) ducks state of the (football) union (after arizona) cheserek becomes first oregon freshman to win ncaa div 1 national title cheserek becomes first oregon freshman to win ncaa div 1 national title cheserek becomes first oregon freshman to win ncaa div 1 national title there are reports that marcus has a concussion. halftime rage post. (feel free to let it out.) want more ducks action after the football game? watch the ducks hockey t... what. online streams of today's game? oregon v. arizona 2009 highlights (10 min) oregon v. arizona 2009 highlights (10 min) oregon v. arizona 2009 highlights (10 min) oregon lands huge offensive lineman, braden eggert oregon lands huge offensive lineman, braden eggert oregon lands huge offensive lineman, braden eggert safety glen ihenacho commits to oregon ducks ex-oregon standout kyle long to face brother, chris, for first time when... oregon coach mark helfrich and the tunnel of love: remembering his fathe... remember when the ducks won the national championship? need a comparison for marcus mariota's interception streak? go long even though i'm a uofa fan, i'm sure my pac-12 brothers and sisters wou... even though i'm a uofa fan, i'm sure my pac-12 brothers and sisters wou... oregon weekly football release - arizona - goducks.com j-stew with his new duck style jordan 5's j-stew with his new duck style jordan 5's just a heads up, ducks free trainer 5.0s release tomorrow this license plate has got to be worth a ton. spotted by a friend in po... this license plate has got to be worth a ton. spotted by a friend in po... this license plate has got to be worth a ton. spotted by a friend in po... this license plate has got to be worth a ton. spotted by a friend in po... this license plate has got to be worth a ton. spotted by a friend in po... this license plate has got to be worth a ton. spotted by a friend in po... ducks need to stop whining about the chance at a rose bowl. the legend of kiko alonso- one of my favorite ducks the legend of kiko alonso- one of my favorite ducks nfl - buffalo bills' kiko alonso remains atop mel kiper's rookie ranking... oregon recruiting class calculator/crystall ball predictions/pac-12 recr... the brothers robinson oregon ducks football: getting to know ducks cornerback ifo ekpre-olomu ... portland thunder football landing page - just enter this contest to get ... sophomore wr bralon addison will be doing a chat over at oregon live tod... oregon football: how do you stop arizona rb ka'deem carey? only oregon's... oregon rundown: ducks' bad memories of tucson are mostly expelled help wsu get their flag up on a building in seattle before the apple cup... gameday in the uo coaches' "stress box" bcs busting: what-ifs to vault uo ahead heisman voters should reconsider marcus mariota of oregon ducks heisman voters should reconsider marcus mariota of oregon ducks as ifo ekpre-olomu makes his name as one of nation's best cornerbacks, ... as ifo ekpre-olomu makes his name as one of nation's best cornerbacks, ... as ifo ekpre-olomu makes his name as one of nation's best cornerbacks, ... practice report nov. 20 - twin power (robinson twins) take a knee: oregon running back kenny bassett talks life as a student-a... ducks get commitment from lineman ducks get commitment from lineman browns prank t.j. ward with fake rat in his locker oregon ducks football: offensive line coach steve greatwood says 'i'm no... oregon ducks football: mark helfrich says arizona offense is 'in sync,' ... uneven oregon men grind past utah valley duck offense finds a way to move the ball against utah ducks quarterback marcus mariota says his left knee is 'good' ducks quarterback marcus mariota says his left knee is 'good' ducks quarterback marcus mariota says his left knee is 'good' broncos place rahim moore on ir, sign john boyett lb - predominantly ora... ducks ignore visions of pac-12 title game to keep eyes on arizona ducks ignore visions of pac-12 title game to keep eyes on arizona never forget: nov. 19th, 1983 - the infamous "toilet bowl" never forget: nov. 19th, 1983 - the infamous "toilet bowl" utah valley wolverines vs. oregon ducks - preview - november 19, 2013 ducks' toughest opponent moving forward might be the nfl anybody have any great oregon wallpaper? my computer is in sore need of ... utah recap, lol stanford, heisman grievances - atq tube [video] practice report nov. 18 - goducks.com new sidebar pic plz high-scoring men [bouncity ball] look to defend as well new week, new life for ducks ducks climb to no. 5 in bcs ducks climb to no. 5 in bcs ducks climb to no. 5 in bcs oregon ducks bcs rankings and scenario magic oregon ducks bcs rankings and scenario magic oregon insider: ducks say they are not worried about their sputtering ru... @waltthurm3 doin his thang [against minnesota]... should we win out, here's what determines who we face dec. 7 i think this vikings player is a fan of the ducks ducks back a top the pac 12 north ducks back a top the pac 12 north ducks back a top the pac 12 north ducks back a top the pac 12 north ducks back a top the pac 12 north go u of i vandels just met mac in the parking lot at autzen! it's always ducky in philade... just met mac in the parking lot at autzen! it's always ducky in philade... just met mac in the parking lot at autzen! it's always ducky in philade... just met mac in the parking lot at autzen! it's always ducky in philade... just met mac in the parking lot at autzen! it's always ducky in philade... just met mac in the parking lot at autzen! it's always ducky in philade... just met mac in the parking lot at autzen! it's always ducky in philade... just met mac in the parking lot at autzen! it's always ducky in philade... just met mac in the parking lot at autzen! it's always ducky in philade... just met mac in the parking lot at autzen! it's always ducky in philade... back in it baby oregon's 'support the troops' uniform for todays game vs utah oregon's 'support the troops' uniform for todays game vs utah oregon student put a hole in a bleacher during mad dash for seats today ... on bus to autzen! go ducks! de'anthony wants more touches at wr utah qb wilson not making trip to autzen pink sideline hoodie coach's corner: oregon's dana altman - usatoday colt lyerla: police account reveals details of former ducks star's arrest civil war tickets for sale, great seats. dat and dior mathis sign a helmet for anthony burgess, a visitor today ... dat and dior mathis sign a helmet for anthony burgess, a visitor today ... young and moser impress against western carolina 107-83 joseph young scores 36 in ducks 107-83 rout of western caronlina. 28 po... joseph young scores 36 in ducks 107-83 rout of western caronlina. 28 po... joseph young scores 36 in ducks 107-83 rout of western caronlina. 28 po... scout.com: ducks look to avoid cardinal hangover oregon ducks volleyball: oregon vs stanford preview gimpy mariota vs. utah's pass rush oregon womens basketball - recent success no. 18 oregon vs. western carolina live game thread no. 18 oregon vs. western carolina live game thread legarrette blount got some new kicks. legarrette blount got some new kicks. legarrette blount got some new kicks. cool article on former duck kyle long. cool article on former duck kyle long. lmjames takes over on punts [for 49'ers], wright ready if called upon lyerla case postponed again current football class rankings oregon football recruiting q&amp;a with mark flores dear santa: @wintheday would like to ask for one blocking sled, to repla... considering a bcs rematch - does a path still exist for oregon to backdo... utah's nation-leading sack artists put marcus mariota in their crosshairs [eugene area ducks] coach campbell and byron marshall in person, tonight... nick aliotti reflects on what he might have done differently against sta... facing two huge questions, dana altman finds important early answers alejandro maldonado out as oregon kicker, replaced by matt wogan, coach... alejandro maldonado out as oregon kicker, replaced by matt wogan, coach... alejandro maldonado out as oregon kicker, replaced by matt wogan, coach... alejandro maldonado out as oregon kicker, replaced by matt wogan, coach... 18th ranked ducks home opener tonight in hoops i come in peace former duck carson york talks about his life after football ama request: de'anthony thomas ama request: de'anthony thomas ama request: de'anthony thomas ama request: de'anthony thomas ama request: de'anthony thomas ama request: de'anthony thomas no more chrome? dat made front page dat made front page kenyon and lamichael kenyon and lamichael kenyon and lamichael kenyon and lamichael kenyon and lamichael kenyon and lamichael oregon football: ducks quarterback marcus mariota says he 'for sure' wi... oregon football: ducks quarterback marcus mariota says he 'for sure' wi... voice of the fan: what thursday meant, and why the rest of the season is... j-stew, representing! charting kellen clemens vs. colts: he was money! oregon falls three spots to no. 6 in latest bcs standings oregon ducks up one spot to no. 18 in ap top 25 college basketball poll oregon's marcus mariota has mcl sprain oregon's marcus mariota has mcl sprain how i respond to beaver fans after the stanford game how i respond to beaver fans after the stanford game how i respond to beaver fans after the stanford game how i respond to beaver fans after the stanford game how i respond to beaver fans after the stanford game how i respond to beaver fans after the stanford game look who showed up at the game last night! look who showed up at the game last night! look who showed up at the game last night! look who showed up at the game last night! look who showed up at the game last night! the bet. a taste of redemption after last night's defeat. the bet. a taste of redemption after last night's defeat. #19 oregon basketball is playing georgetown on espn. live from south kor... don't think anything sums up the stanford game quite like this photo (v... don't think anything sums up the stanford game quite like this photo (v... don't think anything sums up the stanford game quite like this photo (v... don't think anything sums up the stanford game quite like this photo (v... how i felt watching the ducks play stanford how i felt watching the ducks play stanford after the fall: thoughts on stanford this is the one thing i want to see from oregon going forward. bullshit! this is our anthem today! where we go from here... anthem for tomorrow anthem for tomorrow oregon ducks after the lose to stanford i love my ducks but...... what bowl game do the ducks go to? "timmmmbeeeerrrrrrrrrr" "timmmmbeeeerrrrrrrrrr" "timmmmbeeeerrrrrrrrrr" beavs spit on uncle phil #2 oregon at #5 stanford (pre)game thread ucla will watch oregon vs. stanford with interest - the bruins could en... ucla will watch oregon vs. stanford with interest - the bruins could en... crush the cardinal speculation... why didn't marcus run? oregon vs. stanford: game time, tv schedule, odds, injuries, streaming, ... anybody watching in nyc? game night / projected score by quarter no. 2 oregon at no. 6 stanford: clash of pac-12 powers is a contrast in ... photos: oregon ducks vs. stanford cardinal through the years ducks kandi i made for the stanford game the ducks and hoyas will wear these unis for the game friday. duck fans take flight for their team what would you do for a kiko alonso jersey what would you do for a kiko alonso jersey stats to know: baylor &amp; oregon are amazing - stats &amp; info blog in royce freeman, tony james, ducks have running backs they want [update] dominic artis, backup ben carter how marcus mariota leads the oregon ducks how marcus mariota leads the oregon ducks how marcus mariota leads the oregon ducks oregon vs stanford - espn game of the week [video] oregon vs stanford - espn game of the week [video] ducks basketball: dominic artis, ben carter suspended indefinitely buffalonian does civic duty, votes kiko alonso for every single office #... nooo! dominic artis and ben carter receive suspensions not this time corso! what are your thoughts on de'anthony thomas' statement prior to the oreg... scout.com: ducks can't dwell on last year usa today sports' heisman survey: mariota's slight gain baylor bears, oregon ducks highlight college football's thursday night m... dat quote on if stanford can hold the ducks to 14 again. dat quote on if stanford can hold the ducks to 14 again. dat quote on if stanford can hold the ducks to 14 again. oregon-stanford game will get a "mini-gameday" oregon-stanford game will get a "mini-gameday" stanford, oregon set for high-stakes football showdown stanford, oregon set for high-stakes football showdown pulling no punches: avery patterson fights his way back for another bcs... pulling no punches: avery patterson fights his way back for another bcs... oregon rundown: sneak peek at the no. 6 stanford cardinal if you were betting, who'd you take? (2) florida st. v. (3) oregon - her... for ducks kicker alejandro maldonado, visions of family tell him this is... mariota on last season's 14-17 ot loss to stanford: "hard to say there'... mariota on last season's 14-17 ot loss to stanford: "hard to say there'... ducks are 7 point favorites against stanford this week ducks are 7 point favorites against stanford this week espn commentators for stanford game fsu hops the idle ducks into 2nd place in the bcs question: when there is no sat. game, anyone know what the team does? duck lock texas de duck lock texas de sidebar suggestion ducks no. 19 in ap preseason college basketball poll ducks no. 19 in ap preseason college basketball poll mariota makes the sports illustrated cover mariota makes the sports illustrated cover mariota makes the sports illustrated cover mariota makes the sports illustrated cover mariota makes the sports illustrated cover mariota makes the sports illustrated cover ex-ducks player to oregon fans 'go (bleep) yourselves' (x-post r/huskies) ex-ducks player to oregon fans 'go (bleep) yourselves' (x-post r/huskies) james' idle time with 49ers about to end james' idle time with 49ers about to end jordan zumwalt is dirty jordan zumwalt is dirty jordan zumwalt is dirty as a bama fan on the west coast as a bama fan on the west coast as a bama fan on the west coast as a bama fan on the west coast ekpre-olomu named thorpe award semifinalist - goducks.com ekpre-olomu named thorpe award semifinalist - goducks.com no. 6 stanford prepares for no. 2 oregon without ben gardner, one of top... marcus mariota is a semifinalist for the maxwell award duck injuries -- post latest rumors and hearsay. looking at the stats from 2010 and comparing to this year's team marcus mariota is maxwell award semifinalist (player of the year). also ... oregon football practice report oct. 29 - goducks.com mariota told ref not to throw late-hit flag when jordan zumwalt hit him... mariota told ref not to throw late-hit flag when jordan zumwalt hit him... mariota told ref not to throw late-hit flag when jordan zumwalt hit him... 3* texas defensive end justin hollins commits to oregon 3* texas defensive end justin hollins commits to oregon 3* texas defensive end justin hollins commits to oregon 3* texas defensive end justin hollins commits to oregon oregon passes florida state in second bcs standings [football] oregon passes florida state in second bcs standings [football] oregon passes florida state in second bcs standings [football] oregon passes florida state in second bcs standings [football] try to get in mariota's head, he might just get in yours pics from gameday good guy dat on his day off. helfrich supports uo basketball team at game last night vs. ncc time to tuck the duck in for bed. time to tuck the duck in for bed. la times article on bruins and ducks ducks defeat ucla 42-14 ducks defeat ucla 42-14 ducks defeat ucla 42-14 snoop's son made his unofficial visit this weekend japanese duck riviera on balcony japanese duck riviera on balcony in some basketball news ducks' joseph young was granted a waiver. so her... who else is at gameday?! espn analysts share their thoughts on eugene and the ducks 500 year old armour helmet...duck shaped. 500 year old armour helmet...duck shaped. 500 year old armour helmet...duck shaped. 500 year old armour helmet...duck shaped. great article on marcus mariota great article on marcus mariota great article on marcus mariota great article on marcus mariota great article on marcus mariota colt lyerla is being represented by attorney john tyner, father of fello... espn firsttake debates marcus mariota in the nfl defensive pressure on ucla's young line is key in saturday's showdown reports: colt lyerla was arrested reports: colt lyerla was arrested reports: colt lyerla was arrested former oregon ducks te colt lyerla arrested former oregon ducks te colt lyerla arrested full throttle - with more horsepower, paul westhead sees his run-and-gun... colt arrested for possession of cocaine. eugene is safe now. thank you ... eugene is safe now. thank you ... eugene is safe now. thank you ... kurt liedtke: the official unofficial oregon football historian kurt liedtke: the official unofficial oregon football historian my (/u/emleaux) tour of the hatfield-dowlin complex [x-post from r/pac12] one guy didn't like the pink helmets, leaves voicemail for rob moseley. ncaa championships, arizona dual highlight 2014 track schedule - goducks... ucla to start 3 true freshman on ol. su'a-filo, quessenberry, brendel, r... happy 24th birthday to this oregon great happy 24th birthday to this oregon great happy 24th birthday to this oregon great happy 24th birthday to this oregon great oregon ucla promo ducks sign baseball america's no. 7 recruiting class - goducks.com state of oregon takes center stage in college football this weekend state of oregon takes center stage in college football this weekend state your case: mariota or winston? - pac-12 blog ?gameday guest guesses? college gameday abdul-bassit, cook will provide ducks punch off bench - goducks.com [m.b... kellen clemens will start for the st. louis rams after losing sam bradf... kellen clemens will start for the st. louis rams after losing sam bradf... kellen clemens will start for the st. louis rams after losing sam bradf... take a knee: keanon lowe reflects on his humongous block against washing... after being knocked down by stanford, can ucla keep up with oregon? - la... got on the big screen at autzen last night and friend got a great pic o... got on the big screen at autzen last night and friend got a great pic o... got on the big screen at autzen last night and friend got a great pic o... #legendofkiko, the shirt?!! (shoutout to tecmobowl) biggest blessing this season might turn out to be de'anthony thomas' sp... biggest blessing this season might turn out to be de'anthony thomas' sp... oregon hockey beat wsu 15-3 on 10/18 and 16-2 on 10/19 oregon hockey beat wsu 15-3 on 10/18 and 16-2 on 10/19 oregon hockey beat wsu 15-3 on 10/18 and 16-2 on 10/19 oregon 3rd in the bcs game day in eugene next week! game day in eugene next week! nick aliotti calls mike leach 'low class' went to my first duck game today. went to my first duck game today. went to my first duck game today. was our victory over tenn legitimized today? joey harrington: marcus mariota will become 'the greatest quarterback t... joey harrington: marcus mariota will become 'the greatest quarterback t... joey harrington: marcus mariota will become 'the greatest quarterback t... joey harrington: marcus mariota will become 'the greatest quarterback t... joey harrington: marcus mariota will become 'the greatest quarterback t... til that thomas j. autzen, the namesake of autzen stadium, was an oregon... /r/huskies sidebar? /r/huskies sidebar? our three leading wr's were all quarterbacks in high school (x-post /r/cfb) josh huff criticizes ncaa on twitter for cancelling of his party josh huff criticizes ncaa on twitter for cancelling of his party oregon ducks hockey autzen stadium will be blacked out for this weekend's game 2 ducks crack the top ten for the best rookies in the nfl 2 ducks crack the top ten for the best rookies in the nfl 2 ducks crack the top ten for the best rookies in the nfl ducks to wear sweet pink helmets, auction some off, this saturday ducks to wear sweet pink helmets, auction some off, this saturday ducks to wear sweet pink helmets, auction some off, this saturday ducks to wear sweet pink helmets, auction some off, this saturday kiko alonso on jim rome today where can i find 1st half stats? huskies fan here... huskies fan here... huskies fan here... huskies fan here... huskies fan here... huskies fan here... huskies fan here... walter thurmund iii: i don't always drink beer, ... marcus mariota and the nfl draft so far, thomas tyner's great expectations have led to promising first half dat speaks out on his backups how fei and s&amp;p see the game: oregon ducks vs. washington state coug... oregon rundown: as the season goes on, and the days get colder, ducks de... wednesday, october 16: oregon pit crew has an open forum starting at 7 p... ducks ducks huff and addison threatening ducks record book huff and addison threatening ducks record book huff and addison threatening ducks record book colt lyerla: a troubled talent - detroitlionsdraft.com colt lyerla: a troubled talent - detroitlionsdraft.com as heisman hype arrives in eugene, marcus mariota is determined to turn ... someone altered the huskie's wikipedia page... someone altered the huskie's wikipedia page... someone altered the huskie's wikipedia page... someone altered the huskie's wikipedia page... 4 star wr jalen brown is a duck 4 star wr jalen brown is a duck dat - says he wasn't close to being able to play vs uw toronto yields more talent for ducks [m.basketball]- goducks.com ducks, cornhuskers to battle in 2016-17 - goducks.com - the university o... is mariota the best qb oregon has ever had? nebraska, oregon schedule series nebraska, oregon schedule series nebraska, oregon schedule series mariota: pac-12 player of the week again - dat didn't practice today; hopeful for wazzu dough gottlieb has uo men's bball at #8 in the nation. (xpost from r/col... mariota on the jim rome show won the duckade shirts available in uo store. corso's pick (video) funny!! big picture: mariota, manziel, mannion and ... jimmy g? difficult practice leads to perfection here you go duck fans, the 10th annual dominate the dawgs highlight vid... here you go duck fans, the 10th annual dominate the dawgs highlight vid... here you go duck fans, the 10th annual dominate the dawgs highlight vid... here you go duck fans, the 10th annual dominate the dawgs highlight vid... it's the nike money! someone's got a bad case of duck face! someone's got a bad case of duck face! someone's got a bad case of duck face! someone's got a bad case of duck face! someone's got a bad case of duck face! someone's got a bad case of duck face! someone's got a bad case of duck face! someone's got a bad case of duck face! thomas tyner a lost decade. from the seattle times what happened to the /r/huskies changing their sidebar bet? week 7 ap top 25 marcus mariota makes heisman statement against washington marcus mariota makes heisman statement against washington beaver fans are cute... game chants from the ducks vs uw duck flying lee corso picks oregon lee corso picks oregon lee corso picks oregon lee corso picks oregon ten baby oregon vs. washington washington cannot keep up and oregon keeps rivalry one-sided huskies drop to #20 the one day a year i don't like my dog. the one day a year i don't like my dog. uw fire hydrants know what's up. game thread #2 oregon at #16 washington request: can someone please post a video clip of huff's 57 yard kick ret... pac north apparently dat's gonna play! winthedecade. apparently dat's gonna play! winthedecade. shock &amp; awe . . . pump yourself up for the fuskies huard gonna go back to throw the ball, sets up, looks, throws towards th... a tribute to how long it's been since the huskies beat the ducks a tribute to how long it's been since the huskies beat the ducks wtf game day now our cheerleaders have custom contacts now our cheerleaders have custom contacts oregon football practice report: ducks expect better focus from the star... oregon ducks rundown: saturday's matchup between oregon's receivers and ... oregon ducks football: 5 things to watch for in no. 2 oregon vs. no. 16 ... only one day away! if you need more reasons to get excited about tomorro... dat still questionable royce freeman - 2014 rb recruit take a trip back to memory lane.... ducks say quack putting up with years of being the little brother has paid off. best br... putting up with years of being the little brother has paid off. best br... 9 years and counting pep rally friday night in seattle darron thomas signed by portland's arena football league team darron thomas signed by portland's arena football league team poster i made for game this weekend, i managed to fit 4 jokes into it. poster i made for game this weekend, i managed to fit 4 jokes into it. hroniss grasu draws on family sacrifices to become selfless anchor of du... last years uw game highlights last years uw game highlights oregon vs uw highlights 2 years ago nick aliotti after thursday practice [video] gameday....it has begun. oregon ducks rundown: running back bishop sankey has the attention of uo... are we copying the ducks? [x/post from r/huskies] ducks football launches new website ducks football launches new website charges dropped against former oregon ducks safety john boyett dat facebook? legend of kiko; continues to grow for bills - the buffalo news sports legend of kiko; continues to grow for bills - the buffalo news sports buffalo, n.y.: bills sign qb dennis dixon to practice squad - football w... post-week 6 heisman trophy voting (mariota still on top) oregon rundown: the top 10 moments in the ducks-huskies rivalry duckterritory.com free till december 31st. college gameday schedule at uw herby talks ducks and huskies the road has been kind to the ducks. oregon quarterback marcus mariota considered huskies before signing with... iphone 5 retina background? huskies aren't a guarantee, guys. my all time favorite husky season #lasttimeuwbeatuo any way to watch full replays of games on the pac 12 network website? greenbeard spotted at colorado! greenbeard spotted at colorado! greenbeard spotted at colorado! christmas came early this year: a dedicated, autographed poster of the ... christmas came early this year: a dedicated, autographed poster of the ... super mariota owning espn ncaaf page. choose the sidebar for /r/huskies! looking for a better quality picture of this logo. any help would be awe... i built an oregon duck themed computer. post some of your homemade duck ... larry hill tackle video history of oregon/uw rivalry in post "pick" era. ('95-'10) the case against oregon - what an sec blogger thinks about the ducks. the case against oregon - what an sec blogger thinks about the ducks. ba post game colorado marcus post game colorado coach helf post game colorado now the ducks get into the meat of the schedule coach aliotti post game colorado to kick off hate week, let us remember "the pick" to kick off hate week, let us remember "the pick" to kick off hate week, let us remember "the pick" to kick off hate week, let us remember "the pick" to kick off hate week, let us remember "the pick" to kick off hate week, let us remember "the pick" to kick off hate week, let us remember "the pick" to kick off hate week, let us remember "the pick" to kick off hate week, let us remember "the pick" colt lyerla withdraws from uo colt lyerla withdraws from uo colt lyerla withdraws from uo here you go duck fans, all the best plays from the game yesterday at co... here you go duck fans, all the best plays from the game yesterday at co... here you go duck fans, all the best plays from the game yesterday at co... ideas for college gameday signs espn college gameday in seattle for oregon it is officially husky week. why do i hate the huskies? #2 oregon defeats colorado 57-16. #2 oregon defeats colorado 57-16. new helmet for today's game! new helmet for today's game! new helmet for today's game! game thread #2 oregon ducks at colorado buffaloes game thread #2 oregon ducks at colorado buffaloes dropped by pick by buffs sets oregon record. i don't have the pac-12 network. can someone upload the game? no dat, i get. but lyerla? why is he out this game? oregon outperforms ranking oregon outperforms ranking my friend made a donation in my name for the red cross for colorado tj ward with a pick six in browns win. tj ward with a pick six in browns win. tj ward pick six video. what happened to chuck the duck? (skinny guy in a track suit with a duck... kiko alonso wins nfl defensive rookie of the month for september! kiko alonso wins nfl defensive rookie of the month for september! kiko alonso wins nfl defensive rookie of the month for september! kiko alonso wins nfl defensive rookie of the month for september! the original oregon duck bryan bennett remembers the last time the ducks were in boulder bryan bennett remembers the last time the ducks were in boulder take a knee: torrodney prevot has had a smooth transition from high scho... oregon football practice recap: helfrich and aliotti talk about final pr... met johnny loyd tonight. during boulder trip, oregon football boosters to deliver supplies to fl... during boulder trip, oregon football boosters to deliver supplies to fl... during boulder trip, oregon football boosters to deliver supplies to fl... congrats to bralon addison the pac-12 special teams player of the week congrats to bralon addison the pac-12 special teams player of the week nice article about ayele "the artist" forde nice article about ayele "the artist" forde dat to sit against the buffs(shocker i know) dat to sit against the buffs(shocker i know) coach helfrich shows up on a list of coaches texas or usc might be inter... i hate husky week first shot across the bow (hilarious) aliotti on duck defense: "we're probably around a c-plus." aliotti on duck defense: "we're probably around a c-plus." updated heisman odds: marcus mariota is now an overwhelming favorite 16... updated heisman odds: marcus mariota is now an overwhelming favorite 16... updated heisman odds: marcus mariota is now an overwhelming favorite 16... oregon rundown: national statistics show why the ducks considered among ... film room: breaking down oregon qb marcus mariota (nfl analyst says oreg... oregon ducks football: sneak peek at the colorado buffaloes colorado football: buffs looking forward to challenging no. 2 oregon pac-12 makes significant moves in division i national coaches polls [up ... oregon football practice report sept. 30 - goducks.com - the university ... 4-star juco transfer dwayne benjamin commits to the ducks 4-star juco transfer dwayne benjamin commits to the ducks recap of oregon vs. cal - mac &amp; mose 9-30 i don't know who else to share my excitement with, but, congrats to jef... i don't know who else to share my excitement with, but, congrats to jef... i don't know who else to share my excitement with, but, congrats to jef... i don't know who else to share my excitement with, but, congrats to jef... i don't know who else to share my excitement with, but, congrats to jef... i don't know who else to share my excitement with, but, congrats to jef... miracle in the desert: october 28, 2000 bralon addison spectacular 67y punt return for a td vs cal (2nd of the ... bralon addison spectacular 67y punt return for a td vs cal (2nd of the ... bralon addison spectacular 67y punt return for a td vs cal (2nd of the ... kiko alonso had a huge defensive outing for the bills ducks land commitment from four-star rb tony james ducks land commitment from four-star rb tony james fans headed to seattle for oregon vs. uw, make sure you hit up the pre-g... beavers cal vs. oregon: 10 things we learned from the ducks' win over golden bears fishwrap: as it rains on autzen, it pours on cal an observation from the cal game on defense .. i'm going to my first oregon game next week in boulder! hoping for a goo... the thames costa? thirty jump overboard after flaming duck boat sinks. oregon rb de'anthony thomas injures leg vs. cal - hoping this is just a ... anyone tailgating today/tonight for the cal game? tickets to uw/oregon game how to fix a beavers shirt. how to fix a beavers shirt. how to fix a beavers shirt. how to fix a beavers shirt. these look like a fun xmas present for my kids. what do you guys think q... de'anthony thomas infographic de'anthony thomas infographic de'anthony thomas infographic de'anthony thomas infographic duck love on the colbert report duck love on the colbert report duck love on the colbert report why don't we see puddles during the tv broadcast anymore? playoff simulation: who wins the championship? - usatoday playoff simulation: who wins the championship? - usatoday ducks only fbs team without a turnover ducks only fbs team without a turnover ducks only fbs team without a turnover ducks only fbs team without a turnover josh huff finds the path to healing and success goes through eugene josh huff finds the path to healing and success goes through eugene josh huff finds the path to healing and success goes through eugene oregon versus, where you can choose oregon to beat any team each week in... no surprise, ducks named the most talked about uniforms in the country b... if the bcs national championship were played at this exact moment, woul... if the bcs national championship were played at this exact moment, woul... question: is marcus mariota entering the 2014 draft confirmed? what just happened to the visitor section ticket sales for the washingto... "our time is now" iphone 4/4s wallpaper "our time is now" iphone 4/4s wallpaper "our time is now" iphone 4/4s wallpaper stanford stanford chants at autzen chants at autzen is this more duck love from lebron? saw some duck pride in my california neighborhood. thought i would share. saw some duck pride in my california neighborhood. thought i would share. saw some duck pride in my california neighborhood. thought i would share. saw some duck pride in my california neighborhood. thought i would share. saw some duck pride in my california neighborhood. thought i would share. motivational: oregon vs. tennessee oregon "black-out" jerseys now available from the duck store. oregon "black-out" jerseys now available from the duck store. oregon ducks rundown: compared with the ducks, next opponent has nowhere... colt and coach patch things up colt and coach patch things up [updated] ncaa rules and regs for "representatives of athletic interests... matt wogan on his first season so far with the ducks and alejandro maldo... recruiting update - fishduck pac-12 tracker: no. 2 oregon sets the pace in the pac john mackey tight end of the week award goes to..... mariota leaps over vols mariota leaps over vols mariota named offensive player of the week mariota named offensive player of the week mariota named offensive player of the week week 4 heisman watch [mariota current #1] week 4 heisman watch [mariota current #1] week 4 heisman watch [mariota current #1] de'anthony thomas "six for six" tee's de'anthony thomas "six for six" tee's marcus mariota putting up big numbers despite not finishing games - nbc... marcus mariota putting up big numbers despite not finishing games - nbc... letters from oregon fans to ut fans bo pelini: nebraska's pelini problem has no easy answer [nebraska wants ... lyerla angry!!!!! tennessee volunteers football: oregon loss no big deal a pano of auzten i took at today's game. a pano of auzten i took at today's game. a pano of auzten i took at today's game. a pano of auzten i took at today's game. a pano of auzten i took at today's game. a pano of auzten i took at today's game. our favorite tennessee fan put up a new video! our favorite tennessee fan put up a new video! our favorite tennessee fan put up a new video! in love with my new oregon nikes. in love with my new oregon nikes. thought you duck fans might enjoy this! thought you duck fans might enjoy this! thought you duck fans might enjoy this! thought you duck fans might enjoy this! thought you duck fans might enjoy this! thought you duck fans might enjoy this! thought you duck fans might enjoy this! thought you duck fans might enjoy this! thought you duck fans might enjoy this! thought you duck fans might enjoy this! thought you duck fans might enjoy this! thought you duck fans might enjoy this! oregon vs tennessee announcer says "it's like the jetsons playing the fl... ladies and gentlemen, your pac-12 north co-leaders, wazzu and osu, by a ... do you guys accept east coast fans? can you help me find a shirt (online... exactly one year ago from today, thomas tyner scored 10 touchdowns on hi... delusional tennessee fan asking for it delusional tennessee fan asking for it marcus mariota on the dan patrick show 9/12/13 marcus mariota on the dan patrick show 9/12/13 marcus mariota on the dan patrick show 9/12/13 legacy of prefontaine still lives on legacy of prefontaine still lives on ut fans arriving in eugene for the game. ut fans arriving in eugene for the game. sporting news' college basketball preseason rankings: oregon ducks at n... sporting news' college basketball preseason rankings: oregon ducks at n... oregon changes: more for the better oregon ducks rundown: preparing for ducks, volunteers is easier said tha... tennessee football: vols play oregon's fight song at practice (video) oregon garden gnomes at the duck store.....whaaaa?! gameday: derrick malone steps it up on defense vols d-lineman mo couch out for saturday b/c of "heat exhaustion" tennessee at oregon- players to watch oregon ducks 2013 football schedule poster oregon ducks 2013 football schedule poster scout.com: week 3 - tennessee at oregon watching madmike's compilation of oregon vs virginia. i'm just. . what. ... tennessee vs oregon tailgate cornerback troy hill's journey saved his life, and ensured a future bey... cornerback troy hill's journey saved his life, and ensured a future bey... thank you, ducks, but not for the reason you think. well, that too. thank you, ducks, but not for the reason you think. well, that too. thank you, ducks, but not for the reason you think. well, that too. thank you, ducks, but not for the reason you think. well, that too. we're doomed.. week 3 heisman watch (mariota moved to #1 spot) week 3 heisman watch (mariota moved to #1 spot) week 3 heisman watch (mariota moved to #1 spot) not your ordinary duck: oregon attacks early, often | hamptonroads.com not your ordinary duck: oregon attacks early, often | hamptonroads.com oregon vs washington tailgate not sure if you guys see these every week but i love watching these guys...