 2014 gamecock football first spring practice 2014 gamecock football first spring practice dc ward says he will tinker with 3-4 alignment in lieu of shortage of de... so clemson put up a digital countdown clock for the game against the ga... so clemson put up a digital countdown clock for the game against the ga... so clemson put up a digital countdown clock for the game against the ga... so clemson put up a digital countdown clock for the game against the ga... so clemson put up a digital countdown clock for the game against the ga... south carolina suspends frank martin after incident in florida loss usc chemical engineering good website to catch up on gamecocks sports? gamecock to receive medal of honor gamecock to receive medal of honor gamecock to receive medal of honor gamecock to receive medal of honor gamecocks #1 in espn power rankings. the only other in-state ranked tea... gamecocks #1 in espn power rankings. the only other in-state ranked tea... what do you cocks think about the proposed minor league ballpark in cola? some of you are probably already watching, but clemson is down 18-4 agai... fire jack leggett (clemson baseball coach) website is real. hilarity en... fire jack leggett (clemson baseball coach) website is real. hilarity en... south carolina vs clemson baseball 3/01/2014 game #2 (full video) south carolina vs clemson baseball 3/01/2014 game #2 (full video) grayson greiner grand slam vs. clemson grayson greiner grand slam vs. clemson top 10 meltdown posts from tigernet.com (aka sc a&amp;m.net) top 10 meltdown posts from tigernet.com (aka sc a&amp;m.net) top 10 meltdown posts from tigernet.com (aka sc a&amp;m.net) hilarious picture from gamecock's sweep of south carolina a&amp;m (x-po... hilarious picture from gamecock's sweep of south carolina a&amp;m (x-po... hilarious picture from gamecock's sweep of south carolina a&amp;m (x-po... hilarious picture from gamecock's sweep of south carolina a&amp;m (x-po... sweep sweep holy shit we beat kentucky let's go cocks holy shit we beat kentucky let's go cocks holy shit we beat kentucky let's go cocks holy shit we beat kentucky let's go cocks holy shit we beat kentucky let's go cocks your typical clemsux fan, ladies and gents. your typical clemsux fan, ladies and gents. clinched the series vs clemson in baseball! clinched the series vs clemson in baseball! clinched the series vs clemson in baseball! gamecocks basketball beats #17 kentucky at home. that was so wild. gamecocks basketball beats #17 kentucky at home. that was so wild. we want florida (basketball) any chance someone can find an online recording of the kentucky game? off campus housing? sec champs! sec champs! sec champs! sec champs! how do i schedule an advisement appointment how earnhardt jr became a gamecock fan (x-post from r/cfb) how earnhardt jr became a gamecock fan (x-post from r/cfb) clowney runs a 4.53s 40yd dash at combine clowney runs a 4.53s 40yd dash at combine $14.5 million stadium walkway at williams-brice approved. can't wait to... $14.5 million stadium walkway at williams-brice approved. can't wait to... $14.5 million stadium walkway at williams-brice approved. can't wait to... south carolina commit 4 star de dante sawyer heading to junior college.... south carolina commit 4 star de dante sawyer heading to junior college.... important: heads up for anyone filing taxes from usc for those who missed it, spurrier was on nfl am for those who missed it, spurrier was on nfl am clemson question on college jeopardy last night. clemson question on college jeopardy last night. clemson question on college jeopardy last night. what dorms should i look into? x-post from /r/collegebaseball: ama with aaron fitt, national writer for... with baseball season just 2 days away, let's relive the 2011 college wo... with baseball season just 2 days away, let's relive the 2011 college wo... garnet report - 10 reasons to be excited about south carolina baseball garnet report - 10 reasons to be excited about south carolina baseball gamecocks no. 1 again on sec fall academic honor roll gamecocks no. 1 again on sec fall academic honor roll gamecocks no. 1 again on sec fall academic honor roll league coaches narrowly select south carolina to win 2014 sec baseball ... league coaches narrowly select south carolina to win 2014 sec baseball ... a video my club made, "looking at columbia" a video my club made, "looking at columbia" university technically in violation of state law mandating it require a... university technically in violation of state law mandating it require a... city to crackdown on homeless feeding in finlay park is this subreddit for just gamecock sports? 4 star dexter wideman flips from florida state to south carolina 4 star dexter wideman flips from florida state to south carolina 4 star dexter wideman flips from florida state to south carolina 4 star dexter wideman flips from florida state to south carolina 4 star dexter wideman flips from florida state to south carolina dante sawyer is one of the new guys, but he already gets it on nsd. dante sawyer is one of the new guys, but he already gets it on nsd. dante sawyer is one of the new guys, but he already gets it on nsd. dante sawyer is one of the new guys, but he already gets it on nsd. dante sawyer is one of the new guys, but he already gets it on nsd. dante sawyer is one of the new guys, but he already gets it on nsd. pulled this from the 2013 highlights video interesting poster behind dabo 2013 football highlights. ready for the aggies to come to town already. wish i payed attention to who's car i was working on. has the holtz legacy improved with time? gamecocks qb commitment michael scarnecchia has great visit gamecocks qb commitment michael scarnecchia has great visit i'll take one too. i'll take one too. gctv: connor shaw - by the numbers. seriously impressive, massively und... gctv: connor shaw - by the numbers. seriously impressive, massively und... gctv: connor shaw - by the numbers. seriously impressive, massively und... gctv: connor shaw - by the numbers. seriously impressive, massively und... gctv: connor shaw - by the numbers. seriously impressive, massively und... #1 de juco transfer darrius caldwell's commitment is now official #1 de juco transfer darrius caldwell's commitment is now official #1 de juco transfer darrius caldwell's commitment is now official #1 de juco transfer darrius caldwell's commitment is now official student film competition campus moviefest begins feb. 4 tajh undraftable you say alshon jeffery named most improved by the nfl's pfwa alshon jeffery named most improved by the nfl's pfwa alshon jeffery named most improved by the nfl's pfwa alshon jeffery named most improved by the nfl's pfwa spurrier to receive salary increase to $4m/yr spurrier to receive salary increase to $4m/yr spurrier to receive salary increase to $4m/yr 4* cb dj smith commits to the gamecocks 4* cb dj smith commits to the gamecocks 4* cb dj smith commits to the gamecocks shoot a round of golf with coach spurrier on kiawah island! is anybody in rotc? "this is our state" "this is our state" "this is our state" "this is our state" "this is our state" "this is our state" "this is our state" breakdown of fraternities at usc? saw this guy driving in easley. i'm a cocks fan, and even i think this ... saw this guy driving in easley. i'm a cocks fan, and even i think this ... saw this guy driving in easley. i'm a cocks fan, and even i think this ... saw this guy driving in easley. i'm a cocks fan, and even i think this ... gamecocks #4 in final ap rankings. gamecocks #4 in final ap rankings. gamecocks #4 in final ap rankings. gamecocks #4 in final ap rankings. gamecocks #4 in final ap rankings. gamecocks #4 in final ap rankings. gamecocks #4 in final ap rankings. gamecocks #4 in final ap rankings. kenny miles shooting was an apparent botched suicide attempt. (source:th... x-post from /r/cfb - breaking down the gamecocks' football season - we w... saw this on a gamecock website..1990-1999 vs. 2010-2013 saw this on a gamecock website..1990-1999 vs. 2010-2013 ncaaf coach: gamecocks 'bowl national champs' ncaaf coach: gamecocks 'bowl national champs' ncaaf coach: gamecocks 'bowl national champs' ncaaf coach: gamecocks 'bowl national champs' let's go carolina! wait...what? (x-post from /r/tarheels) let's go carolina! wait...what? (x-post from /r/tarheels) let's go carolina! wait...what? (x-post from /r/tarheels) i made a gamecock coat for this handsome devil! i made a gamecock coat for this handsome devil! i made a gamecock coat for this handsome devil! we did it, y'all. connor shaw will get his shot at the nfl combine connor shaw will get his shot at the nfl combine connor shaw will get his shot at the nfl combine connor shaw will get his shot at the nfl combine bruce ellington headed to nfl connor shaw: favorite meme of the year so far connor shaw: favorite meme of the year so far connor shaw: favorite meme of the year so far connor shaw: favorite meme of the year so far connor shaw: favorite meme of the year so far connor shaw: favorite meme of the year so far perfect execution! a great finish to a great career. hats off to connor shaw. a great finish to a great career. hats off to connor shaw. a great finish to a great career. hats off to connor shaw. a great finish to a great career. hats off to connor shaw. a great finish to a great career. hats off to connor shaw. a great finish to a great career. hats off to connor shaw. ucf win is one of the best of the season badger badger clowney makes a new friend framed "gimmie five" (xpost from /r/diy) gamecocks knock off undefeated st. mary's 78-71 in diamond head classic gamecocks knock off undefeated st. mary's 78-71 in diamond head classic gamecocks knock off undefeated st. mary's 78-71 in diamond head classic damiere byrd to undergo knee surgery thoughts on cock basketball gamecock commits at the 2013 shrine bowl practice. gamecock commits at the 2013 shrine bowl practice. gamecock game day photo book in the works... gamecock game day photo book in the works... alshon jeffery should be pumping gas, according to formerly employed la... alshon jeffery should be pumping gas, according to formerly employed la... alshon jeffery should be pumping gas, according to formerly employed la... alshon jeffery should be pumping gas, according to formerly employed la... just to remind everyone that this happened. such pride watching mnf las... just to remind everyone that this happened. such pride watching mnf las... just to remind everyone that this happened. such pride watching mnf las... clowney cited for driving 110 mph on interstate | jadeveon clowney | go ... infuriates me to no end infuriates me to no end steve spurrier talks capital one bowl steve spurrier talks capital one bowl connor shaw talks capital one bowl gamecocks returning to orlando for bowl | football gamecocks returning to orlando for bowl | football bowl predictions? remember that time... blythewood kid 5 bomb's dabo! blythewood kid 5 bomb's dabo! blythewood kid 5 bomb's dabo! blythewood kid 5 bomb's dabo! blythewood kid 5 bomb's dabo! blythewood kid 5 bomb's dabo! wahoo! these are the sounds.... the animals make. obligatory obligatory obligatory for those of you who don't watch the nfl, ace sanders threw a touchdown... for those of you who don't watch the nfl, ace sanders threw a touchdown... for those of you who don't watch the nfl, ace sanders threw a touchdown... for those of you who don't watch the nfl, ace sanders threw a touchdown... spotted this at a local grocery store. deebo samuel picks gamecocks - youtube deebo samuel picks gamecocks - youtube gamecock equestrian #1 in the country go horsecocks! gamecock equestrian #1 in the country go horsecocks! gamecock equestrian #1 in the country go horsecocks! anyone know a good place in columbia to get chicken&amp;waffles? another gem from tigernet (credit: @dmcwaters94) another gem from tigernet (credit: @dmcwaters94) another gem from tigernet (credit: @dmcwaters94) longest home winning streak in the nation, bitches longest home winning streak in the nation, bitches bending clemson over bending clemson over bending clemson over bending clemson over a little rant about clemson a little rant about clemson a little rant about clemson til we are the only team in the country to have three wins over teams c... til we are the only team in the country to have three wins over teams c... from a mizzou fan, a sincere thank you. from a mizzou fan, a sincere thank you. from a mizzou fan, a sincere thank you. from a mizzou fan, a sincere thank you. from a mizzou fan, a sincere thank you. from a mizzou fan, a sincere thank you. from a mizzou fan, a sincere thank you. celebrating our win over clemson at mason jar nyc 11/30/2013 celebrating our win over clemson at mason jar nyc 11/30/2013 carolina clem5on photos and front pages carolina clem5on photos and front pages carolina clem5on photos and front pages does anybody have a link to a stream of the game? muthafucking five-peat upvote party!!!!! gtf in here muthafucking five-peat upvote party!!!!! gtf in here muthafucking five-peat upvote party!!!!! gtf in here muthafucking five-peat upvote party!!!!! gtf in here muthafucking five-peat upvote party!!!!! gtf in here muthafucking five-peat upvote party!!!!! gtf in here muthafucking five-peat upvote party!!!!! gtf in here muthafucking five-peat upvote party!!!!! gtf in here muthafucking five-peat upvote party!!!!! gtf in here muthafucking five-peat upvote party!!!!! gtf in here muthafucking five-peat upvote party!!!!! gtf in here hey clemson hey clemson hey clemson that didn't take long.. that didn't take long.. gamecock walk - clemson gamecocks' cb hampton to enter 2014 nfl draft shaw i don't get this type of school pride... i graduated from usc and this w... gameday gameday gameday someone in brooklyn nine-nine is a gamecock someone in brooklyn nine-nine is a gamecock someone in brooklyn nine-nine is a gamecock what happens to clemson fans in columbia, sc... what happens to clemson fans in columbia, sc... the mullet is back! steve taneyhill is scheduled to be at saturday's ga... the mullet is back! steve taneyhill is scheduled to be at saturday's ga... check my throwback found at my parents place, may just wear it tomorrow does south carolina &amp; clemson rivalry game need a nickname? does south carolina &amp; clemson rivalry game need a nickname? cross post from cfb, too funny not to put here just saw a graphic on espn refer to carolina as usc just saw a graphic on espn refer to carolina as usc just saw a graphic on espn refer to carolina as usc i was never worried about the gators anyway i was never worried about the gators anyway this just popped up on my news feed. this just popped up on my news feed. south carolina vs. clemson: the modern era south carolina vs. clemson: the modern era south carolina vs. clemson: the modern era south carolina vs. clemson: the modern era the legacy of connor shaw i submitted this to cfb in the "tell me about your rival" post. i feel ... i submitted this to cfb in the "tell me about your rival" post. i feel ... i submitted this to cfb in the "tell me about your rival" post. i feel ... i submitted this to cfb in the "tell me about your rival" post. i feel ... i submitted this to cfb in the "tell me about your rival" post. i feel ... i submitted this to cfb in the "tell me about your rival" post. i feel ... i submitted this to cfb in the "tell me about your rival" post. i feel ... i submitted this to cfb in the "tell me about your rival" post. i feel ... wow clemson...... just wow wow clemson...... just wow 5.5 point favorites against the tators how i feel when the pre game video comes on at every home game, even af... how i feel when the pre game video comes on at every home game, even af... how i feel when the pre game video comes on at every home game, even af... how you guys feel after my rebels lost to mizzou last night. cruise control: gamecocks make short work of out-manned chanticleers next saturday will either be the best day ever in gamecock football hist... if ole miss can't get the deed done.. if ole miss can't get the deed done.. if ole miss can't get the deed done.. if ole miss can't get the deed done.. if ole miss can't get the deed done.. spurrier spurrier spurrier paulina gretzky a gamecocks fan! what is usc's theatre department like? usc vs clemson will be a 7:00 ... usc vs clemson will be a 7:00 ... reaction to auburn td video? reaction to auburn td video? south carolina hosts top rb derrell scott this weekend | saturday down ... south carolina hosts top rb derrell scott this weekend | saturday down ... south carolina hosts top rb derrell scott this weekend | saturday down ... chaz sutton actually does a pretty decent waterboy impression. chaz sutton actually does a pretty decent waterboy impression. chaz sutton actually does a pretty decent waterboy impression. chaz sutton actually does a pretty decent waterboy impression. clemson's game tonight is only $8 for a ticket. pretty embarrassing for ... traveling to columbia willy-b getting some love leading up to the big game this weekend willy-b getting some love leading up to the big game this weekend clowney should have monster game against florida | saturday down south kenny miles was not robbed. self inflicted shot. kenny miles was not robbed. self inflicted shot. kenny miles shot himself, we do a weekly recap/preview video each week usc-vs florida will be a 7:00 ... wilds awaits third down | the greenville news kelcy quarles is heading to the nfl after the season. he may be the bes... kelcy quarles is heading to the nfl after the season. he may be the bes... kelcy quarles is heading to the nfl after the season. he may be the bes... football. shaw named a finalist for the unitas award football. shaw named a finalist for the unitas award cbs takes six-day window for november 16 games kenny miles shot in irmo robbery kenny miles shot in irmo robbery miles is gonna be okay miles is gonna be okay bowl projections sec east race shaw leads south carolina in win over mississippi state | saturday down... shaw leads south carolina in win over mississippi state | saturday down... shaw leads south carolina in win over mississippi state | saturday down... shaw leads south carolina in win over mississippi state | saturday down... steve spurrier unhappy with offense in win over mississippi state i know this subreddit seems to be mostly about football but i'm a senior... winning video: carolina's #1 fan is kate bickley! (kappa delta homecomin... south carolina commits stoked about ot win, sec east destiny | saturday... south carolina commits stoked about ot win, sec east destiny | saturday... where were you when the gamecocks beat mizzouri? where were you when the gamecocks beat mizzouri? jadeveon clowney after win over missouri jadeveon clowney after win over missouri 2013 usc vs missouri - overtime with radio commentary 2013 usc vs missouri - overtime with radio commentary 2013 usc vs missouri - overtime with radio commentary 2013 usc vs missouri - overtime with radio commentary 2013 usc vs missouri - overtime with radio commentary 2013 usc vs missouri - overtime with radio commentary picture of the missouri kicker taken this afternoon picture of the missouri kicker taken this afternoon picture of the missouri kicker taken this afternoon gamecocks win in double overtime 27-24! gamecocks win in double overtime 27-24! gamecocks win in double overtime 27-24! gamecocks win in double overtime 27-24! gamecocks win in double overtime 27-24! gamecocks win in double overtime 27-24! missouri fans calling tonight's win "the shaw shank redemption" ; total... missouri fans calling tonight's win "the shaw shank redemption" ; total... missouri fans calling tonight's win "the shaw shank redemption" ; total... is shaw the best gamecock qb ever? shaw carried off teh field kissing the columbia cup. if you come across... shaw carried off teh field kissing the columbia cup. if you come across... shaw carried off teh field kissing the columbia cup. if you come across... connor shaw after win over missouri shaw, gamecocks pull off 2ot stunner, make the sec east messier | saturd... steve spurrier after win over missouri gamecocks celebrate win over missouri sandstorm mayor steve benjamin says gangs aren't the problem in 5 points. i insis... mayor steve benjamin says gangs aren't the problem in 5 points. i insis... mayor steve benjamin says gangs aren't the problem in 5 points. i insis... state of the class: gamecocks add qb over weekend | saturday down south usc depth chart for saturday vs. missouri | david cloninger | go gamecocks #deadgator t-shirts for uf game, proceeds to charity knoxville, tenn.: connor shaw injury update | football | go gamecocks so much talk about ucf game...they just beat louisville. baseball america ranks 2013 recruiting class no. 3 in the nation baseball america ranks 2013 recruiting class no. 3 in the nation marcus lattimore - ultimate highlights hd marcus lattimore - ultimate highlights hd marcus lattimore - ultimate highlights hd spurrier believes shaw has future in nfl spurrier believes shaw has future in nfl stats for this weeks game against tennesse, brought to you by statmilk.com kickoff time announced for south carolina at missouri kickoff time announced for south carolina at missouri very interesting... very interesting... very interesting... very interesting... very interesting... hypothetical question about something that seems like a real possibility... missing person, please help! missing person, please help! missing person, please help! gamecocks rotc? gamecocks rotc? donell stanley commits to the gamecocks | recruiting | go gamecocks 'talented' wr pharoh cooper has offense picked up - wistv.com 'talented' wr pharoh cooper has offense picked up - wistv.com gamecocks 2013 stats visualized gamecocks 2013 stats visualized connor shaw: the loser of the clowney era hype machine connor shaw: the loser of the clowney era hype machine connor shaw: the loser of the clowney era hype machine connor shaw: the loser of the clowney era hype machine steve spurrier 'clears the air' about jadeveon clowney after last night, steve isn't the only one who could use one of these... after last night, steve isn't the only one who could use one of these... does anyone know the asl for 'gamecocks?' so i'm just gonna go ahead and be that guy... streaming usc/ kentucky game... what does everyone think of the new loyalty point initiatives for stayi... what does everyone think of the new loyalty point initiatives for stayi... we are playing like shit against ucf we are playing like shit against ucf just a little sec camaraderie from your friends at uf just a little sec camaraderie from your friends at uf just a little sec camaraderie from your friends at uf spurrier swag spurrier swag spurrier swag marcus lattimore: a difference maker | football marcus lattimore: a difference maker | football marcus lattimore: a difference maker | football 2014 admissions clever gamecock gets "go cocks" on google maps clever gamecock gets "go cocks" on google maps clever gamecock gets "go cocks" on google maps psa from a ucf fan psa from a ucf fan psa from a ucf fan join the mighty sound of the southeast in order to help save lives someone got really butthurt on facebook when i said to not bother comin... someone got really butthurt on facebook when i said to not bother comin... someone got really butthurt on facebook when i said to not bother comin... someone got really butthurt on facebook when i said to not bother comin... student section, you're pathetic. don't bother coming to the games if y... student section, you're pathetic. don't bother coming to the games if y... student section, you're pathetic. don't bother coming to the games if y... student section, you're pathetic. don't bother coming to the games if y... carolina bar in nashville? spurrier arranges journalism retraining order for the state newspaper wr... clowney is performing better than 99% of people think. clowney is performing better than 99% of people think. clowney is performing better than 99% of people think. clemson fan gets a gamecock room makeover clemson fan gets a gamecock room makeover clemson fan gets a gamecock room makeover clemson fan gets a gamecock room makeover clemson fan gets a gamecock room makeover outfielder graham saiko has been released from the baseball team due to ... a day in the life of president pastides any gamecocks in the vero area? my cats a fan what day is it? what day is it? my mom's shirt for the game! found this out in front of blatt on my way to work in the am... found this out in front of blatt on my way to work in the am... new carolina band album! new carolina band album! gamecock living in atl need help! the great state of south carolina is currently being skipped on kn0thin... the great state of south carolina is currently being skipped on kn0thin... extra uga tickets? we're four days out. to hell with georgia! we're four days out. to hell with georgia! we're four days out. to hell with georgia! this is our state. this is our state. this is our state. this is our state. i want the carolina band to sing this before entering sanford stadium. thought y'all would like this. thought y'all would like this. thought y'all would like this. thought y'all would like this. gamecock towel official? or does such a thing exist? 8/30/13 front pages 8/30/13 front pages 8/30/13 front pages does anyone know a website where i can stream the unc game? tarheel offense right now tarheel offense right now tarheel offense right now tarheel offense right now tarheel offense right now tarheel offense right now wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo... i missed the game before the weather delay. anyone know where i can watc... it's gameday, bitches!!! it's gameday, bitches!!! it's gameday, bitches!!! it's clowney time!!!! we did it south carolina we did it south carolina we did it south carolina i can't stop listening to this on loop today where are all of you cocks?? where are all of you cocks?? oh boy, 72 more hours! i can't wait to be in my seat and feel it rocking. oh boy, 72 more hours! i can't wait to be in my seat and feel it rocking. oh boy, 72 more hours! i can't wait to be in my seat and feel it rocking. my favorite picture of clowney. aaron murray isn't looking at him, but ... my favorite picture of clowney. aaron murray isn't looking at him, but ... my favorite picture of clowney. aaron murray isn't looking at him, but ... my favorite picture of clowney. aaron murray isn't looking at him, but ... 'the freak' - clowney espn ad 'the freak' - clowney espn ad 'the freak' - clowney espn ad 'the freak' - clowney espn ad the feels. the feels. the feels. the feels. the feels. the feels. the feels. the feels. my thoughts as football season approaches next week my thoughts as football season approaches next week ride for my team (forever to thee) by dinobrite productions ride for my team (forever to thee) by dinobrite productions everyone get on here and vote for the blimp to be at south carolina vs. ... so how's the first day treatin everyone? i was late to the /cfb thread, thought you guys might appreciate me and... i was late to the /cfb thread, thought you guys might appreciate me and... 132+ teams in 132+ days: south carolina gamecocks: cfb 132+ teams in 132+ days: south carolina gamecocks: cfb account balance showing only fees, no tuition. justin king just made a new 2013 hype video for us! justin king just made a new 2013 hype video for us! justin king just made a new 2013 hype video for us! justin king just made a new 2013 hype video for us! who is this guy? 6-8 wide reciever?! im excited to see if he plays any. who is this guy? 6-8 wide reciever?! im excited to see if he plays any. 150+ teams in 150+ days: south carolina gamecocks : college basketball usc, clemson rivalry spills over into the today show usc, clemson rivalry spills over into the today show usc, clemson rivalry spills over into the today show shirtless hbc in all his glory. the vine video is the best part of the a... need some help for 150+ and 132+ gamecock team thread! need some help for 150+ and 132+ gamecock team thread! 2013 football parking adrian morales added to south carolina baseball staff adrian morales added to south carolina baseball staff holloman with his first int and td return holloman with his first int and td return holloman with his first int and td return holloman with his first int and td return vid i made vid i made devonte holloman's first game devonte holloman's first game what can i do to pass the time until august 29th? usc seventh, clemson eighth in usa today preseason poll usc seventh, clemson eighth in usa today preseason poll gamecocks ranked seventh in preseason coaches' poll gamecocks ranked seventh in preseason coaches' poll clowney best player at any level? clowney best player at any level? best pump up video i've seen this offseason best pump up video i've seen this offseason sports science - jadeveon clowney, "the hit" sports science - jadeveon clowney, "the hit" sports science - jadeveon clowney, "the hit" sports science - jadeveon clowney, "the hit" sports science - jadeveon clowney, "the hit" 4* 2015 lb sherrod pittman commits to the gamecocks 4* juco dt abu lamin commits psa: outback bowl vs michigan rated #4 game of 2012 season, will air to... psa: outback bowl vs michigan rated #4 game of 2012 season, will air to... throwback and chrome gamecock helmets tweeted by equipment staff throwback and chrome gamecock helmets tweeted by equipment staff throwback and chrome gamecock helmets tweeted by equipment staff throwback and chrome gamecock helmets tweeted by equipment staff does anyone know how to get into the catacombs under campus? does anyone know how to get into the catacombs under campus? jadeveon clowney would've been ejected for 'the hit' slow day? here's a picture of steve spurrier at arby's slow day? here's a picture of steve spurrier at arby's slow day? here's a picture of steve spurrier at arby's jadeveon clowney wins best play espy jadeveon clowney wins best play espy jadeveon clowney wins best play espy jadeveon clowney wins best play espy jadeveon clowney wins best play espy 20 people in the sec are idiots, or at least are attention whores. off campus fraternity houses sec media day. clowney sec media day. clowney clowney: "tajh boyd is scared back there." clowney: "tajh boyd is scared back there." clowney: "tajh boyd is scared back there." usc gamecocks 2013-2014 pump up usc gamecocks 2013-2014 pump up relatives wedding was on edge of clemson campus. us gamecocks had to le... relatives wedding was on edge of clemson campus. us gamecocks had to le... marcus lattimore's mvp camp today marcus lattimore's mvp camp today marcus lattimore's mvp camp today 3* cb al harris jr. (son of former green bay player pro bowler al harri... 3* cb al harris jr. (son of former green bay player pro bowler al harri... south carolina 2013 schedule wallpapers south carolina 2013 schedule wallpapers south carolina 2013 schedule wallpapers south carolina 2013 schedule wallpapers vegas says south carolina football will beat every team except georgia ... vegas says south carolina football will beat every team except georgia ... neighbors of five points complain about college kids, rude police, racis... 4* wr shaq davidson (most likely to be mr. football in sc for 2013) com... 4* wr shaq davidson (most likely to be mr. football in sc for 2013) com... what knee injury? lattimore in the student section of williams-brice ju... what knee injury? lattimore in the student section of williams-brice ju... so i was searching for decorative rocks on ebay....when i found howard's... (almost) every football game from 2012-13 (almost) every football game from 2012-13 3* db darin smalls commits to the gamecocks 3* db darin smalls commits to the gamecocks espn 150 4* cb wesley green commits to the gamecocks espn 150 4* cb wesley green commits to the gamecocks espn 150 4* cb wesley green commits to the gamecocks i really think this is the year we win the sec, and maybe something mor... i really think this is the year we win the sec, and maybe something mor... suggestions for songs to be played by the carolina band at football game... made these for my dad for fathers day. made these for my dad for fathers day. made these for my dad for fathers day. for all the sad clemson fans, i made this to show their emotion for all the sad clemson fans, i made this to show their emotion for all the sad clemson fans, i made this to show their emotion apparently howard's rock was vandalized. i don't know, still looks like... apparently howard's rock was vandalized. i don't know, still looks like... gamecocks lose to unc 5-4 in game 3 of super regionals. i'm ready for f... gamecocks lose to unc 5-4 in game 3 of super regionals. i'm ready for f... advice for a potential transfer student i'm feeling lucky. i'm feeling lucky. i'm feeling lucky. i'm feeling lucky. gamecocks' rewind: missouri the gamecocks take game 2 against unc, 8-0 the gamecocks take game 2 against unc, 8-0 the gamecocks take game 2 against unc, 8-0 the gamecocks take game 2 against unc, 8-0 the gamecocks take game 2 against unc, 8-0 the wrong carolina wins in the bottom of the 9th. usc now faces win of ... the wrong carolina wins in the bottom of the 9th. usc now faces win of ... is it august yet? is it august yet? spurrier still winning, still having fun spurrier still winning, still having fun spurrier still winning, still having fun gamecocks advance to super regionals - beat liberty 6-4 to stay undefea... gamecocks advance to super regionals - beat liberty 6-4 to stay undefea... gamecocks advance to super regionals - beat liberty 6-4 to stay undefea... gamecocks advance to super regionals - beat liberty 6-4 to stay undefea... gamecocks advance to super regionals - beat liberty 6-4 to stay undefea... falcons sign fb patrick dimarco recruiting update: 4* te kevin crosby commits to the gamecocks recruiting update: 4* te kevin crosby commits to the gamecocks where's the hype? sc vs. st. louis - friday at 7:00 pm!! where's the hype? sc vs. st. louis - friday at 7:00 pm!! steve spurrier emerges from 'quiet' phase, has gamecocks contending steve spurrier emerges from 'quiet' phase, has gamecocks contending ol malik young commits to usc for 2014 class gamecocks have best sec in-division record at 14-2 over the past 3 years new season tickets video gamecocksonline "next clowney" and future 5-star de shameik blackshear commits to usc "next clowney" and future 5-star de shameik blackshear commits to usc "next clowney" and future 5-star de shameik blackshear commits to usc "next clowney" and future 5-star de shameik blackshear commits to usc gamecocks 2013 preview gamecocks 2013 preview a must have for any red sox/gamecock fan...i got mine today! a must have for any red sox/gamecock fan...i got mine today! a must have for any red sox/gamecock fan...i got mine today! gamecocks land 2015 wide receiver dexter neal gamecocks land 2015 wide receiver dexter neal need some advice from current gamecocks! he'll probably regret this one he'll probably regret this one incoming freshman with a few questions incoming freshman with a few questions dabo agrees to a pic with kids - kids flash the 4 fingers as pic is taken! dabo agrees to a pic with kids - kids flash the 4 fingers as pic is taken! dabo agrees to a pic with kids - kids flash the 4 fingers as pic is taken! dabo agrees to a pic with kids - kids flash the 4 fingers as pic is taken! dabo agrees to a pic with kids - kids flash the 4 fingers as pic is taken! dabo agrees to a pic with kids - kids flash the 4 fingers as pic is taken! dabo agrees to a pic with kids - kids flash the 4 fingers as pic is taken! dabo agrees to a pic with kids - kids flash the 4 fingers as pic is taken! dabo agrees to a pic with kids - kids flash the 4 fingers as pic is taken! dabo agrees to a pic with kids - kids flash the 4 fingers as pic is taken! calling all gamecocks! vote for lb dantzler - senior class award 3* te kalan ritchie commits to south carolina 3* te kalan ritchie commits to south carolina gamecock football - audio options out of state game by game breakdown for next season university of south carolina finest school in sc lattimore to the 49ers late in the 4th round; 131st pick overall lattimore to the 49ers late in the 4th round; 131st pick overall lattimore to the 49ers late in the 4th round; 131st pick overall lattimore to the 49ers late in the 4th round; 131st pick overall martin announces additional signees - south carolina official athletic site what are your carolina draft predictions? best way to get tickets for the 11/2 game against miss. st.? 6'9" 225 lb pf demetrius henry commits to south carolina and finishes g... 6'9" 225 lb pf demetrius henry commits to south carolina and finishes g... michael roth starting for the angels tomorrow (4/24)! michael roth starting for the angels tomorrow (4/24)! michael roth starting for the angels tomorrow (4/24)! weekend recap: gamecocks sweep the wildcats cringeworthy usc gangnam style remake clemson curs corrupt cockaboose transferring in as a rising junior spring game quick hits and comments michael roth called up, earns win michael roth called up, earns win michael roth called up, earns win michael roth called up, earns win first look at the 2013 football poster first look at the 2013 football poster garnet and black spring game is tomorrow! behind the scenes look at gamecocks photo shoot top-rated recruit da'shawn hand has 'great visit' at south carolina 7-year-old jack hoffman supplants jadeveon clowney in espn poll - wistv.... hey y'all, clowney's hit may lose the "best of the best." here's the li... hey y'all, clowney's hit may lose the "best of the best." here's the li... hey y'all, clowney's hit may lose the "best of the best." here's the li... caught this on twitter. gonna be honest - made me a little misty. alway... caught this on twitter. gonna be honest - made me a little misty. alway... caught this on twitter. gonna be honest - made me a little misty. alway... all jackie bradley all the time. not a bad debut. all jackie bradley all the time. not a bad debut. jbj t shirts now available from yawkey way store jbj t shirts now available from yawkey way store jackie bradley jr is going to the big show on monday!  who's going to t... jackie bradley jr is going to the big show on monday!  who's going to t... lattimore impresses, receives cheers at sc pro day lattimore impresses, receives cheers at sc pro day marcus lattimore tribute marcus lattimore tribute marcus lattimore tribute spurrier takes a shot at the trojans and espn spurrier takes a shot at the trojans and espn spurrier takes a shot at the trojans and espn spurrier takes a shot at the trojans and espn college life in columbia? jackie bradley jr. is the story of spring training for the red sox - 3-... jackie bradley jr. is the story of spring training for the red sox - 3-... jackie bradley jr. is the story of spring training for the red sox - 3-... jackie bradley jr. is the story of spring training for the red sox - 3-... clowney has broken football. clowney has broken football. clowney has broken football. clowney subreddit clowney subreddit spurrier's south carolina gamecocks will be offensive juggernaut in 2013... why should i choose the university of south carolina? rewatching the 2010 game w/bama. interesting factoid... south carolina football winter workout highlights - 2013 south carolina football winter workout highlights - 2013 davis, wilds compete to become usc's featured back davis, wilds compete to become usc's featured back jackie bradley, jr tearing up spring training espn delivers. this is hilarious. curbs better watch their backs. espn delivers. this is hilarious. curbs better watch their backs. espn delivers. this is hilarious. curbs better watch their backs. this is awesome this is awesome south carolina is in good shape to find a replacement for marcus lattimore south carolina is in good shape to find a replacement for marcus lattimore south carolina is in good shape to find a replacement for marcus lattimore clowney runs a 4.5 forty clowney runs a 4.5 forty clowney runs a 4.5 forty 'i hope i make a bigger hit next year.' gamecocks release depth chart going into spring football at 6pm, it's early- but here's hoping we play the first and last game ne... everyone go vote for clowney!!! everyone go vote for clowney!!! poor clemson fans, maybe next year... or not.  poor clemson fans, maybe next year... or not.  poor clemson fans, maybe next year... or not.  poor clemson fans, maybe next year... or not.  poor clemson fans, maybe next year... or not.  poor clemson fans, maybe next year... or not.  poor clemson fans, maybe next year... or not.  poor clemson fans, maybe next year... or not.  gamecocks win all-sports season series against clemson, 8-4. clemson la... gamecocks win all-sports season series against clemson, 8-4. clemson la... garnet report: gamecock sports a different way anyone else down with kilts for a game? either way, vote for the tartan ... [game thread] #7 south carolina (1-0) at clemson (0-1) 2pm est : college... in honor of the clemson series this weekend.... in honor of the clemson series this weekend.... in honor of the clemson series this weekend.... just as you stand up for sandstorm, stand up for carolina. looks like we'll all be buying the new sports illustrated... looks like we'll all be buying the new sports illustrated... looks like we'll all be buying the new sports illustrated... lsu defensive end sam montgomery's thoughts on easy teams and hard teams... so. carolina has moved its first game against unc to thursday august 29th so. carolina has moved its first game against unc to thursday august 29th so. carolina has moved its first game against unc to thursday august 29th clowney named 2nd best player in the sec by espn.  south carolina running back marcus lattimore's draft journey south carolina running back marcus lattimore's draft journey like a boss. like a boss. like a boss. like a boss. like a boss. like a boss. will marcus lattimore's so-far successful therapy following his knee inj... lattimore - long hair don't care lattimore - long hair don't care this is what the scumbag that raped that woman outside east quad last n... this is what the scumbag that raped that woman outside east quad last n... cocks win!!! excellent places to study on campus?  gamecocks national championship ring up for sale on craigslist coach martin sees silver lining in gamecocks' loss to bama 2013 yardcock intro video:  tradition doesn't end. 2013 yardcock intro video:  tradition doesn't end. ray tanner.  the coach.  the ad.  the man. ray tanner.  the coach.  the ad.  the man. harlem shake gamecock baseball 2013 season preview gamecock baseball 2013 season preview lattimore's goal is to play this fall in nfl lattimore's goal is to play this fall in nfl lattimore's goal is to play this fall in nfl gamecocks pick up 4* lb skai moore on nsd. gamecocks pick up 4* lb skai moore on nsd. 2013 football recruiting class superlatives student tix for baseball i love my school, but i really hate the campus internet alot. i love my school, but i really hate the campus internet alot. damn, our new basketball locker room looks awesome! damn, our new basketball locker room looks awesome! apartment question g&amp;b traditions is having a clearance on a bunch of awesome dvds imo ... construction on palmetto center to begin next month well....this exists good job ladies! good job ladies! good job ladies! gamecock info-graphic that just got emailed out (x-post r/cfb) gamecock info-graphic that just got emailed out (x-post r/cfb) gamecock info-graphic that just got emailed out (x-post r/cfb) gamecock info-graphic that just got emailed out (x-post r/cfb) top 10 program: 2013 season tickets infographic where can i get a clowney jersey? dl coach brad lawing leaving for uf...shit place to watch hockey? something's missing... looking for a good gamecock gear store in columbia in the next couple ho... is jadeveon clowney under investigation by the ncaa? there's a lot of talk about sandstorms on the front page and all i can ... there's a lot of talk about sandstorms on the front page and all i can ... there's a lot of talk about sandstorms on the front page and all i can ... there's a lot of talk about sandstorms on the front page and all i can ... i see your sandstorm against alabama, i raise you this year's uga game s... are we getting clowney for two more years? are we getting clowney for two more years? ad in free times seeks michigan player's "missing" helmet clowney hit clowney hit clowney hit clowney hit clowney hit clowney hit ace sanders announced on his instagram yesterday he will be staying ano... ace sanders announced on his instagram yesterday he will be staying ano... ace sanders announced on his instagram yesterday he will be staying ano... david williams commits to the gamecocks david williams commits to the gamecocks david williams commits to the gamecocks 3-year-old girl explains why that fourth-quarter outback bowl call was ... 3-year-old girl explains why that fourth-quarter outback bowl call was ... the state decided to do something about this new found threat the state decided to do something about this new found threat the state decided to do something about this new found threat the state decided to do something about this new found threat the state decided to do something about this new found threat the state decided to do something about this new found threat the state decided to do something about this new found threat thank you, vincent smith, for not exploding into a red mist on this hit. hitler reacts to clowney hit on vincent smith - youtube hitler reacts to clowney hit on vincent smith - youtube outback bowl highlights - south carolina vs. michigan - youtube first down michigan first down michigan first down michigan first down michigan as if it wasn't apparent during the bowl game- shaw needs foot surgery. the mars rover curiosity just released another photo. the mars rover curiosity just released another photo. the mars rover curiosity just released another photo. the mars rover curiosity just released another photo. the mars rover curiosity just released another photo. the mars rover curiosity just released another photo. the mars rover curiosity just released another photo. the mars rover curiosity just released another photo. the mars rover curiosity just released another photo. the mars rover curiosity just released another photo. the mars rover curiosity just released another photo. the hit hear 'round the world! the hit hear 'round the world! the hit hear 'round the world! the hit hear 'round the world! the hit hear 'round the world! jadeveon clowney just killed a man in broad daylight. what a hit! jadeveon clowney just killed a man in broad daylight. what a hit! jadeveon clowney just killed a man in broad daylight. what a hit! jadeveon clowney just killed a man in broad daylight. what a hit! jadeveon clowney just killed a man in broad daylight. what a hit! jadeveon clowney just killed a man in broad daylight. what a hit! jadeveon clowney just killed a man in broad daylight. what a hit! jadeveon clowney just killed a man in broad daylight. what a hit! jadeveon clowney just killed a man in broad daylight. what a hit! boom! from a wolverine, best wishes for a good game. and a better career for ... from a wolverine, best wishes for a good game. and a better career for ... from a wolverine, best wishes for a good game. and a better career for ... from a wolverine, best wishes for a good game. and a better career for ... go team bloomin' onions! kenny mckinley and o.j. murdock were friends and shared big nfl dreams:... kenny mckinley and o.j. murdock were friends and shared big nfl dreams:... how lattimore's decision to go pro impacts s. carolina's 2013 offense so are we goingto have a reddit meetup planned for those tampa bound? matt rolin, the nation's 12th best olb, decommits from usc. switches to ... marcus lattimore enters nfl draft. proud to be a gamecock, yet sad to s... marcus lattimore enters nfl draft. proud to be a gamecock, yet sad to s... marcus lattimore enters nfl draft. proud to be a gamecock, yet sad to s... marcus lattimore enters nfl draft. proud to be a gamecock, yet sad to s... marcus lattimore to enter nfl draft clowney named to walter camp team clowney named to walter camp team well if this doesn't make you proud to be a gamecock... well if this doesn't make you proud to be a gamecock... well if this doesn't make you proud to be a gamecock... he's done it again. one helluva video he's done it again. one helluva video gamecocks ace sanders, jadeveon clowney honored by sec coaches gamecocks ace sanders, jadeveon clowney honored by sec coaches south carolina versus michigan: outback bowl a satisfying conclusion to ... south carolina jadeveon clowney has guaranteed a bronko nagurski award i... clowney named first-team all-sec clowney named first-team all-sec vote for clowney! spurrier receives two-year contract extension  spurrier receives two-year contract extension  video: d.j. swearinger's hit on andre ellington video: d.j. swearinger's hit on andre ellington think sec refs don't have a perceived view of south carolina gamecocks d... gamecocks draw michigan in outback bowl | the augusta chronicle gamecocks v. wolverines new years day why shaw should start for the gamecocks in bowl game  northwestern vs south carolina??? gamecocks de, jadeveon clowney for heisman?  gamecocks de, jadeveon clowney for heisman?  marcus lattimore to the nfl? best of luck, marcus! cj spiller loses bet to stephon gilmore (x-post from r/nfl) cj spiller loses bet to stephon gilmore (x-post from r/nfl) cj spiller loses bet to stephon gilmore (x-post from r/nfl) cj spiller loses bet to stephon gilmore (x-post from r/nfl) cj spiller loses bet to stephon gilmore (x-post from r/nfl) cj spiller loses bet to stephon gilmore (x-post from r/nfl) cj spiller loses bet to stephon gilmore (x-post from r/nfl) cj spiller loses bet to stephon gilmore (x-post from r/nfl) cj spiller loses bet to stephon gilmore (x-post from r/nfl) tajh boyd every time jadeveon clowney speed-rushed the clemson o-line: tajh boyd every time jadeveon clowney speed-rushed the clemson o-line: four-ever to thee four-ever to thee four-ever to thee four-ever to thee four-ever to thee saw this article about sc/clem game pop up on my fb this morning 4 years in a row! 4 years in a row! d.j.  swearinger laying a big hit d.j.  swearinger laying a big hit d.j.  swearinger laying a big hit d.j.  swearinger laying a big hit d.j.  swearinger laying a big hit carolina clemson sunday front pages carolina clemson sunday front pages caption contest: flex caption contest: flex "savage tiger" makes a video after the carolina/clemson game. hilarious!... gamecocks at clemson at 7pm et gamecocks at clemson at 7pm et shaw questionable... nervous south carolina football: 5 keys to beating the clemson tigers | bleacher... in spch 140 at usc?  willing to do me a huge favor?  desperate! meetup soon? don't forget to vote for the gamecocks. marcus lattimore update marcus lattimore update robert nkemdiche decommits from the clemmy dabos robert nkemdiche decommits from the clemmy dabos what's your best campus squirrel story? anyone like energy drinks? marcus lattimore look much better at home.  marcus lattimore look much better at home.  marcus lattimore look much better at home.  marcus lattimore look much better at home.  frank martin says he could out-rebound his team after ugly 68-67 win ov... frank martin says he could out-rebound his team after ugly 68-67 win ov... usc to hold lattimore happy 21st birthday and get well soon event on th... usc to hold lattimore happy 21st birthday and get well soon event on th... usc to hold lattimore happy 21st birthday and get well soon event on th... usc to hold lattimore happy 21st birthday and get well soon event on th... spurrier: "lattimore has a dislocated knee" spurrier: "lattimore has a dislocated knee" spurrier: "lattimore has a dislocated knee" if you want good news about lattimore, don't read this.  as a die-hard clemson fan, i can honestly say that i'm sorry about latt... as a die-hard clemson fan, i can honestly say that i'm sorry about latt... as a die-hard clemson fan, i can honestly say that i'm sorry about latt... ohhh nooo, not again oh shit... gvk &amp; sweets kendamas present: the scsf 2012 edit tiger paw + tribal art=the pinnacle of douchbaggery tiger paw + tribal art=the pinnacle of douchbaggery tiger paw + tribal art=the pinnacle of douchbaggery tiger paw + tribal art=the pinnacle of douchbaggery tiger paw + tribal art=the pinnacle of douchbaggery gamecocks make it in the onion. post from r/cfb gamecocks make it in the onion. post from r/cfb gamecocks make it in the onion. post from r/cfb beat florida! beat florida! beat florida! gamecocks vs florida well shit... dropbox is giving away free space for signing up with your school email the rest of the season.... opinions? the wounded warriors jerseys are cursed here's what the nation thinks so far.  here's what the nation thinks so far.  gamecocks vs lsu one tough truck one tough truck the gamecocks will be featured in "hyundai presents college football unc... gamecocks pick up commitment from espn 150 dt kelsey griffin gamecocks pick up commitment from espn 150 dt kelsey griffin new justin king video: usc v uga new justin king video: usc v uga new justin king video: usc v uga to georgia: to georgia: to georgia: battle. long live ray tanner, alternate uniforms for the lsu game. battle. long live ray tanner, alternate uniforms for the lsu game. uga just looked at the scoreboard and muttered, "screw this. i'm going ... uga just looked at the scoreboard and muttered, "screw this. i'm going ... uga just looked at the scoreboard and muttered, "screw this. i'm going ... uga just looked at the scoreboard and muttered, "screw this. i'm going ... uga just looked at the scoreboard and muttered, "screw this. i'm going ... my almost-three-year-old niece's first carolina game. not a bad one to ... my almost-three-year-old niece's first carolina game. not a bad one to ... my almost-three-year-old niece's first carolina game. not a bad one to ... very special pregame recognition very special pregame recognition excited is an understatement. first person into gameday. the gamecock girls' sunday summary hbc ready to run to glory a collection of gameday signs...[x-post from r/cfb] a collection of gameday signs...[x-post from r/cfb] the longest winning streak in the nation. the longest winning streak in the nation. the longest winning streak in the nation. proof it's great to be a gamecock week 7 sidebar georgia vs gamecocks 7pm start watching the horseshoe on espn...go gamecocks! to hell with georgia!  to hell with georgia!  game of the week: #5 georgia at #6 south carolina game of the week: #5 georgia at #6 south carolina made this at work today, for the game tomorrow. thought you all would en... place to tailgate gameday timeline: sc vs. georgia gameday timeline: sc vs. georgia cocky is losing to miami's ibis! vote cocky is losing to miami's ibis! vote cocky is losing to miami's ibis! vote gameday preview for this week. twitter / dariusrucker: just got the invite to be guest on college gameday twitter / dariusrucker: just got the invite to be guest on college gameday 5 points crime thoughts 5 points crime thoughts 5 points crime thoughts gameday coming to columbia! gameday coming to columbia! gameday coming to columbia! gameday coming to columbia! gameday coming to columbia! gamecocks earns 38-17 win over kentucky kentucky vs gamecock s this is why we hate ron morris marcus lattimore is full speed ahead, but how much of south carolina's s... 'more traditional' kentucky awaits usc's d rabbit season: no. 6 gamecocks on big-time rush rabbit season: no. 6 gamecocks on big-time rush police cracking down on five points police cracking down on five points link to usc vs mizzou 2012 replay?? new justin king video! new justin king video! the sec suspension policy for illegal hits remains a mystery after choos... new practice fields eyed for 2014 shaw is the ultimate throwback just sayin' were any gamecocks &amp; game of thrones fans watching the clemson/fl.s... were any gamecocks &amp; game of thrones fans watching the clemson/fl.s... er missouri game thread? they will be playing for a trophy tomorrow they will be playing for a trophy tomorrow any patterson/south quad redditors?  the new farmer's market is incredible. very photogenic the new farmer's market is incredible. very photogenic the new farmer's market is incredible. very photogenic spurrier: connor shaw to start vs. missouri spurrier: connor shaw to start vs. missouri dj swearinger suspended 1 game  dj swearinger suspended 1 game  carpooling to counterpoint festival trainer checking bruce ellington out on the sidelines...  trainer checking bruce ellington out on the sidelines...  trainer checking bruce ellington out on the sidelines...  game thread - uab vs gamecocks where can i get body paint? university asks city police for more help with on-campus crime; chief ra... cb legree has plenty to celebrate carolina vs mizzou tailgate michael roth, steve spurrier nominated for soon-to-be-vacant uf presidency question.. does anyone know where i can find a really high resolution an... vintage spurrier proves point vintage spurrier proves point alshon jeffery's first td as a bear alshon jeffery's first td as a bear alshon jeffery's first td as a bear alshon jeffery's first td as a bear watching the ecu game right now watching the ecu game right now watching the ecu game right now watching the ecu game right now ecu vs gamecock game thread ecu vs gamecock game thread last reminder--college reddit meetup day is saturday, sept. 15! last reminder--college reddit meetup day is saturday, sept. 15! student ticketing runs into glitches williams brice is almost game ready! - gamecock equipment - twitter gameday info, usc depth chart my garnet &amp; black motorcycle was stolen please help!!! my garnet &amp; black motorcycle was stolen please help!!! connor shaw could be a game-time decision - espn lb coach botkin uses opener as teaching moment plus other practice and p... don't forget to vote for cocky in the capital one mascot challenge! don't forget to vote for cocky in the capital one mascot challenge! don't forget to vote for cocky in the capital one mascot challenge! best/cheapest place to find some gamecock gear is a productive pass game required? - gamecock central justin king vandy game. justin king vandy game. vandy game recap that was quite the nail biter against vandy today that was quite the nail biter against vandy today that was quite the nail biter against vandy today gamecocks vs vanderbilt thread i believe this is in order football season is here! football season is here! espn is the worst connor shaw:  why so serious? gamecocks schedule image for 2012 gamecocks schedule image for 2012 countdown to college football 2012: south carolina gamecocks in seeing pascha's wallpaper post; here are two more i made ealier! practice notebook: swearinger takes on a new role even better reason to love gamecock women (nsfw)... seriously this time. even better reason to love gamecock women (nsfw)... seriously this time. first time posting here (, awesome subreddit! 2 friends looking for a dd or someone to drive us from west columbia to ... it's great! conner shaw will lead us! and lattimore! usc pd arrested freshman in maxcy for having guns in his dorm room, all... usc pd arrested freshman in maxcy for having guns in his dorm room, all... explain like i'm five any redditors in west (green) quad? gamecock data breach affects 34,000 ray tanner bought us ice cream! is there another team that has a tougher back to back schedule than geo... is there another team that has a tougher back to back schedule than geo... 10 predictions for college football 2012 : outkick the coverage senior cb akeem auguste reinjures groin every baby should have this every baby should have this every baby should have this are you ready for some football?? are you ready for some football?? are you ready for some football?? si south carolina preview  weekly update: gamecocks in the pros, loaded lineup of base-ballers on campus dinner delivery: any interest? sec football: south carolina's promising clowney has only scratched the ... south carolina football: evaluating the wide receivers horseshoe pictures horseshoe pictures oh iphone, you've got the idea oh iphone, you've got the idea oh iphone, you've got the idea me no like tigers me no like tigers me no like tigers why is this the only subreddit i subscribe to that features landscape pi... behind ace sanders, wide receiver playing time available at south carolina university of south carolina reddit meetup @ mellow mushroom - septembe... university of south carolina reddit meetup @ mellow mushroom - septembe... weekly update: gamecocks in the pros espn.com preseason power rankings 2012 - espn spur of the moment - practice report usc has announced that qb tanner mcevoy will be transferring to another ... steve spurrier confident in connor shaw steve spurrier confident in connor shaw some practice reports, details on ward's new defense, and promising fres... looking for a roommate in the columbia area gent #1 thinks wwe is real wrestling gent #2 thinks acc is real football. gent #1 thinks wwe is real wrestling gent #2 thinks acc is real football. 4 star cb brendan langley commits to gamecocks college reddit meetup day is sept. 15 (or thereabouts) written in stone written in stone written in stone written in stone written in stone question about parking d.j. swearinger releases fall practice schedule gamecock salute gamecock salute gamecock salute gamecock salute expectations high for south carolina football coming off first ever 11-w... south carolina 2012 opponent profiles: georgia bulldogs spurrier give us his season outlook in espn interview spurrier give us his season outlook in espn interview spurrier "cracked" the code at south carolina awesome gift made for me on my real cake day: williams brice phototrans... awesome gift made for me on my real cake day: williams brice phototrans... awesome gift made for me on my real cake day: williams brice phototrans... update on gamecock preseason accolades  receiver ace sanders ready for next level - sec blog - espn some great spurrier quote from sec media days (x-post from /r/cfb) spurrier comment about patience and the qb position the last panel of the new videoboard led getting inserted today ranking the sec's defensive ends - sec blog - espn previewing the 2012 sec media days a question for all the people who went on a pre-professional path during... usc redditors. what are things that every incoming freshman should do or... south carolina football 2012 opponents profiles: missouri tigers food at usc? gamecock commit connor mitch projected as south carolina's quarterback ... gamecock commit connor mitch projected as south carolina's quarterback ... gamecock commit connor mitch projected as south carolina's quarterback ... south carolina and frank martin close out class with pf michael carrera the seven turning points of spurrier's usc tenure connor shaw and under armour - if the shoe fits ...  south carolina ad search: the other candidates sam dyson called up to the bigs great review of the gamecock's recruiting targets and commits.  highly regarded 2014 basketball recruit marcus stroman commits to carolina highly regarded 2014 basketball recruit marcus stroman commits to carolina south carolina football 2012 opponents profiles: uab blazers garcia on a montreal roster garcia on a montreal roster video from the coming home celebration for the gamecock baseball team it's okay...gamecocks beat clemson, arkansas and florida. they might have lost the game but... they might have lost the game but... they might have lost the game but... this south carolina team doesn't know when to quit this south carolina team doesn't know when to quit gamecocks go to third world series finals in a row! gamecocks go to third world series finals in a row! gamecocks go to third world series finals in a row! gamecocks go to third world series finals in a row! carolina stays alive and beats arkansas! beat r-kansas! beat r-kansas! usc falls to arkansas, faces cws elimination happy father's day from trc.  marzilli is the man! marzilli is the man! marzilli is the man! south carolina beats florida to begin its pursuit of a third straight n... south carolina beats florida to begin its pursuit of a third straight n... south carolina beats florida to begin its pursuit of a third straight n... cws run gamecock athletic revenues expected to exceed 80 million gamecock cws practice photos 2 time defending champ gamecocks head back to omaha! 2 time defending champ gamecocks head back to omaha! 2 time defending champ gamecocks head back to omaha! gamecocks add #4 ol to 2013 class, alan knott two time defending champion gamecocks two time defending champion gamecocks gamecocks beat oklahoma in game one usc women's basketball coach dawn staley to be inducted into women's bas... 6'6" ol j.p. vonashek commits to gamecocks spurrier:  proposal for paying players inaccurately portrayed  we are the real usc! we are the real usc! we are the real usc! so this was on the today show. so this was on the today show. so this was on the today show. so this was on the today show. 7' 1" basketball recruit jordan dickerson visits south carolina usc baseball - freshman grew up as season progressed south carolina and oklahoma clash in super regionals sec wants 'four best teams' in playoffs tracking the ncaa record of post-season wins for the gamecocks wonder what the gamecocks are doing this off-season?  grindin' lb golson commits to usc db groves commits, brings multiple skills to gamecocks coach martin to fix "disconnect" from south carolina's basketball history enchancing the gameday experience who's ready for a three-peat? who's ready for a three-peat? elite lb matt rolin commits to south carolina elite lb matt rolin commits to south carolina could this be the year? south carolina's steve spurrier enjoys being a coach people love to hat... south carolina's steve spurrier enjoys being a coach people love to hat... does someone have espn insider that can post the whole article? i feel l... past year's clemson game in its entirety on youtube. fair use is awesome past year's clemson game in its entirety on youtube. fair use is awesome 2012 football preview.  phil steele's pre-season rankings:  #23 south carolina south carolina gamecock football post-spring wrap-up: linebackers a lighter shade of garnet: ncaa college football 2013 exclusive preview!... gamecocks miss out on sec crown with loss to lsu, still hopes for ncaa t... top 20 roundtable - south carolina - espn video top 20 roundtable - south carolina - espn video south carolina spring wrap - sec blog - espn "distance: one hundred fifteen meters. wind: three miles per hour. adju... "distance: one hundred fifteen meters. wind: three miles per hour. adju... "distance: one hundred fifteen meters. wind: three miles per hour. adju... south carolina baseball weekend preview: gamecocks travel to athens to t... four-star de devin washington commits to south carolina four-star de devin washington commits to south carolina de/lb david johnson commits to gamecocks old scoreboard coming down at williams-brice highly rated qb connor mitch commits to south carolina highly rated qb connor mitch commits to south carolina highly rated qb connor mitch commits to south carolina fear the fish! fear the fish! chicago bears sign alshon jeffery to four-year deal chicago bears sign alshon jeffery to four-year deal six gamecocks selected in nfl draft chargers gm a.j. smith loves his new dinosaur
    
 | utsandiego.com with the 45th pick of the 2012 nfl draft, the chicago bears select wr a... with the 45th pick of the 2012 nfl draft, the chicago bears select wr a... stephon gilmore and melvin ingram get picked in first round of nfl draft stephon gilmore and melvin ingram get picked in first round of nfl draft how excited i am for our boys at the nfl draft spurrier:  usc has "pretty good team" -  south carolina is cornerback u vote south carolina! tell all your friends to too! recent spam filter annoyances any updates on the new video board in williams brice? anyone else a student at usc? carolina's strength and conditioning versus clemson's s&amp;c south carolina basketball:  frank martin shows his mettle, and eric hyma... usc lands 4th basketball commit in 24 hours period kenny miles roils the clemson fanboys frank martin expects to win equestrian team finishes fifth overall at nationals steve spurrier, south carolina evolving to look like sec champion steve spurrier, south carolina evolving to look like sec champion the evolution of steve spurrier steve spurrier wants new method for picking sec division champ i think lattimore looks damn good on there. i think lattimore looks damn good on there. i think lattimore looks damn good on there. sds top 25 sec players for 2012: marcus lattimore #1 saw this on fb. love this guy! stephon gilmore on espn about nfl draft video: south carolina's jadeveon clowney - sec blog - espn 4/12/2012 south carolina football 2012 - youtube south carolina football 2012 - youtube south carolina football 2012 - youtube 2012 clemson football poster released 2012 clemson football poster released 2012 clemson football poster released awesome photo from twittersphere awesome photo from twittersphere where does steve spurrier rank among current college coaches? baseball team takes series with 6-1 win over tennessee baseball team takes series with 6-1 win over tennessee flair quarterbacks battle for backup role in spring gamecocks stun no. 1 georgia to win southern equestrian championship gamecocks stun no. 1 georgia to win southern equestrian championship sammy watkins says his drop cost clemson a win over usc ingram, gilmore look like top 15 picks at south carolina pro day | prof... ingram, gilmore look like top 15 picks at south carolina pro day | prof... frank martin on establishing a winning culture.  gamecock jesus's story. frank martin leaves kansas state wildcats to become south carolina game... frank martin leaves kansas state wildcats to become south carolina game... melvin ingram on sports science melvin ingram on sports science clemson irony clemson irony short spring practice update and some interview videos gamecocks winter workout highlights men's basketball head coach search update just a little wallpaper i designed. feel free to download/use/share as ... just a little wallpaper i designed. feel free to download/use/share as ... clemson bike rack, crossposted from somewhere else. clemson bike rack, crossposted from somewhere else. [repost] looking for advice regarding cats in south carolina. horn fired. horn fired. gamecock baseball team improves to 13-1 which team would you like to see as the gamecocks' permanent western opp... michael roth named co-pitcher of the week by sec michael roth named co-pitcher of the week by sec stephen garcia resurfaces gamecocks begin another title defense gamecocks begin another title defense fall sport accomplishments - south carolina gamecocks that is quite the trophy case! that is quite the trophy case! that is quite the trophy case! that is quite the trophy case! cocky raises the back-to-back champions flag on opening day! baseball s... cocky raises the back-to-back champions flag on opening day! baseball s... cocky raises the back-to-back champions flag on opening day! baseball s... opening day 2/27/12 carolina baseball up to 20 games being televised gamecock baseball getting tv time gamecock baseball getting tv time south carolina gamecocks: 2011 season exit survey a south carolina legislator is trying to legally require an annual clems... 2012 baseball preview: pitching runs deep two gamecocks make the "scariest sec players" list. go cocks! two gamecocks make the "scariest sec players" list. go cocks! sub to /r/cfb, get your flair, and join the other 90 gamecocks! sub to /r/cfb, get your flair, and join the other 90 gamecocks! assessing the new gamecock football hires rivals100 rb davis picks gamecocks some pictures i took at the capital one bowl some pictures i took at the capital one bowl gamecocks finish in top 10---ninth in the ap poll gamecocks finish in top 10---ninth in the ap poll clowney named to fwaa freshman all-america team taylor decides to stay at usc for senior season taylor decides to stay at usc for senior season taylor decides to stay at usc for senior season passed the clemson bus today... passed the clemson bus today... capital one bowl - "won anyway" capital one bowl - "won anyway" alshon jeffery declares for the draft. gilmore too.  i couldn't have said it better i couldn't have said it better it's great to be a gamecock... but tonight -- we are all mountaineers! it's great to be a gamecock... but tonight -- we are all mountaineers! lol... lol... gamecocks beat nebraska!! gamecocks beat nebraska!! gamecocks beat nebraska!! gamecocks beat nebraska!! alshon jeffrey named mvp despite being ejected alshon jeffrey named mvp despite being ejected jeffery ejection gamecocks, cornhuskers chase milestones in cap one gamecocks to open 2012 season vs. vanderbilt 2012 schedule clemson christmas party poster clemson christmas party poster scumbag dabo tigers... scumbag dabo tigers... spurrier contract extended spurrier contract extended spurrier contract extended spurrier gets 2 year contract extension can anyone find the source of this quote?? can anyone find the source of this quote?? vote clowney as the next big player [espn] vote clowney as the next big player [espn] melvin ingram named all-american  melvin ingram named all-american  melvin ingram named all-american  ingram, watkins, jeffery &amp; allen named to ap all-sec team gamecocks in capital one bowl against nebraska. gamecocks in capital one bowl against nebraska. gamecocks in capital one bowl against nebraska. as a classy gent from south carolina, and a lifelong gamecock, congratu... as a classy gent from south carolina, and a lifelong gamecock, congratu... haters gonna hate scumbag dabo scumbag dabo scumbag dabo great article.  great article.  that moment when... that moment when... that moment when... that moment when... that moment when... occupy clemson (repost from cfb reddit) occupy clemson (repost from cfb reddit) salty clemson fan calls the gamecocks the "short bus of the sec east," a... carolina/clemson game funny commentary clemson jokes, out with them. clemson jokes, out with them. connor shaw awarded sec offensive player of the week  connor shaw awarded sec offensive player of the week  game thread: usc vs. clemson game thread: usc vs. clemson it's a little late, but here was this year's pumpkin it's a little late, but here was this year's pumpkin game thread: citadel at usc 12pm can we discuss our chances against clemson this year? great interview w/ usc prof. &amp; 1st amendment attorney jay bender abo... marcus lattimore ready for knee surgery  marcus lattimore ready for knee surgery  game thread: florida at usc shaw, holloman suffer concussions in arky game  game thread: gamecocks vs arkansas  the college competition results are in...we didn't win :( kicking it with ellis johnson - sec blog - espn gamecock soccer sweeps sec awards 
 gamecock soccer sweeps sec awards 
 gamecocks #9 in the polls. clemson #11...snicker... gamecocks #9 in the polls. clemson #11...snicker... usc vs tennessee: the good, the bad, and the ugly game thread: south carolina vs. tennessee. 7.15pm start usc's bruce ellington has slight hamstring injury  
 sec fantasy ref camp sigh: lattimore is out for the season. lattimore out for the season. the good, the bad, and the ugly vs miss st. gamecocks beat the bulldogs 14-12!!! not looking good for lattimore :(  gamecocks vs mississippi st. official game thread. key match ups saturday. usc babes in playboy welcome to williams brice stadium!  official video garcia off team. thoughts? garcia off team. thoughts? spurrier calls out ron morris..  spurrier calls out ron morris..  marijuana policy debate at rh ballroom antonio allen, jadeveon clowney and melvin ingram added to the chuck bed... shaw named sec offensive player of the week shaw named sec offensive player of the week shaw named sec offensive player of the week shaw leads gamecocks to 54-3 win over kentucky shaw leads gamecocks to 54-3 win over kentucky game thread: kentucky vs south carolina 12.21pm (link attached) game thread: kentucky vs south carolina 12.21pm (link attached) for anyone in the columbia area interested:occupy columbia info shaw* or garcia. thoughts? shaw* or garcia. thoughts? foot injury may sideline melvin ingram against wildcats ass kickin chicken ass kickin chicken ingram named defensive player of the week... again  ingram named defensive player of the week... again  usc leaders, city officials pay off-campus kids surprise visit the seal has been broken...usc lose 16-13 to auburn... south carolina v. auburn game thread damn...we've got some work to do! carolina alert text system -- doing it's job.... melvin ingram named sec defensive player of the week "famously soggy"- photos of columbia after the torrential downpour yeste... flash flood soaks campus, submerges cars defense saves gamecocks' offense south carolina vs. vanderbilt game thread a gamecock fan in gator country 10 questions for usc-vanderbilt game gamecocks unveil 'wounded warriors' uniforms for auburn game  gamecocks unveil 'wounded warriors' uniforms for auburn game  usc receives notice of allegations from ncaa vote for marcus lattimore for impact performance of the week! vote for marcus lattimore for impact performance of the week! south carolina beats navy 24-21...lattimore runs for huge yards... south carolina beats navy 24-21...lattimore runs for huge yards... navy @ south carolina game at 6pm...game thread.. navy @ south carolina game at 6pm...game thread.. asshole weather! asshole weather! who's interested in a /r/gamecock get together? which one of you was at the rally on the horseshoe today? which one of you was at the rally on the horseshoe today? came across this old fraternity prank against clemson. epic.  came across this old fraternity prank against clemson. epic.  usc rescues fans from ticket deadlock spurrier looks for more from 10th-ranked gamecocks the university of south carolina's undergraduate international business... the university of south carolina's undergraduate international business... columbia cops should learn from athens regarding alcohol policies columbia cops should learn from athens regarding alcohol policies south quad theft problems national champions gamecock maze @mccleod farms in mcbee, sc national champions gamecock maze @mccleod farms in mcbee, sc south carolina makes a statement in sec east | athlonsports.com south carolina makes a statement in sec east | athlonsports.com south carolina vs. georgia: 5 best moments from the sec opener melvin ingram named national defensive player of the week after stellar... melvin ingram named national defensive player of the week after stellar... usc vs. uga game pictures gamecocks jump to #11 in the polls... gamecocks jump to #11 in the polls... chris low interviews jadeveon clowney following the win over georgia. gamecocks win 45-42 against georgia gamecocks win 45-42 against georgia how many of the gamecocks here are actually in columbia, sc? any gamecocks in tampa?  usc women's soccer defeats clemson 2-0 usc women's soccer defeats clemson 2-0 cock tha 9. ace sanders wallpaper [1600x900]. video link in comments. game thread: gamecocks vs bulldogs at 4.30pm on espn (link inside) selling an electric guitar freshman wr byrd suspended by ncaa freshman wr byrd suspended by ncaa usc vs. uga stories tri delt chapter on probation immigrant graduate student instructors south carolina vs georgia: can the dawgs rebound against the gamecocks? looks like they caught dangerous criminals in the act.... the trials of steve and stephen the trials of steve and stephen state of the gamecock address: pastides promises careful look at tuition... usc volleyball wins gamecock invitational watkins named sec offensive lineman of the week 20-year-old mount pleasant man dies at usc
 gamecock propaganda (flyers and printables in here!) gamecock propaganda (flyers and printables in here!) men's soccer knocks off charlotte 2-1  usc-uga game biggest in school history : sports : midlandsconnect.com
 college subreddit competition gamecocks maintain #12 position in ap (and coaches) poll man, 22, found dead in usc dorm state of the university is tomorrow... south carolina tackle watkins named sec offensive lineman of the week south carolina tackle watkins named sec offensive lineman of the week the republican nominees are debating in columbia, sc. today. here is a f... gamecocks beat ecu 56-37 gamecocks beat ecu 56-37 game thread for the gamecock game against ecu at 7pm game thread for the gamecock game against ecu at 7pm connor shaw to start for south carolina mr. rodney "busta" paulk 2011 football hype video lattimore is in the running for the heismann trophy this year... research funds pour into usc miller set to compete at diving competition... jeffery, lattimore, taylor, clowney, sc dl, and gilmore listed in the 1... jeffery, lattimore, taylor, clowney, sc dl, and gilmore listed in the 1... 4 players in the sec top 25 including #1 (alshon jeffery) and #3 (marcus... how usc will win the bcs championship ex-boyfriend charged in death of usc professor! backup qb clifford sustains head injury while riding moped south carolina's depth chart for ecu released akeem auguste reinjures foot my brother is a student at clemson and this was emailed to the student ... my brother is a student at clemson and this was emailed to the student ... "we're the sexy team" "we're the sexy team" what exactly is innovista? usc accountant sentence to 90 days in jail... any grads or gradstudents in columbia want to bowl with us?  sec 2011 picks by teamspeedkills sec blog great interview with marcus lattimore's step father great interview with marcus lattimore's step father usc fuel cell project receives praise... this could be seen everywhere, ojala!  connecting to campus wireless using ubuntu heading into ecu preparations: position concerns usc freezes frat's fall rush... gamecocks ranked #12 in ap poll 2011 season preview courtesy pre-snap read gamecock football schedule 2011...ecu on 9/3 to start! gamecocks receivers continue to impress in practice alshon jeffrey on cover of sports illustrated (regional) i'm pumped for this year! preparations for grow a college subreddit competition sports illustrated...front page welcome freshmen sec 2012 preview usc to offer online courses next fall... inside the top 25: #12 south carolina inside the top 25: #12 south carolina usc hollings library will celebrate 400th year of kjv bible with a speci... garcia once considered transfer... espn directv mobile studio visits the gamecocks in columbia + spurrier i... gamecocks at #12 in pre-season cfb rankings. this is going to be our year! new prototype cleats from ua gamecock football: 10 things we've learned so far... usc to welcome biggest, brightest freshman class ever! spurrier bans twitter for his players former ny governor, pataki speaks to usc grads logo designs? black and garnet x-post from /r/diy - thought you all would appreciate lots of good things lately about the gamecocks! gamecocks pick up 4-star wr kwinton smith gamecocks are back-to-back champs!!! gamecocks are back-to-back champs!!! gamecocks go back to the cws!!! gamecocks go back to the cws!!! anyone want to attempt to get this subreddit back to life? gamecocks &gt; tigers!!! cocks get 69!!!  rock out (with your gamecock out) aka the spurrier rap south carolina gamecock's road to the sec championship!!! gamecocks sec east champs!!! spurrier post-game locker room speech don't worry, cupcake... go ahead saban! skin that smokewagon. skin it, and see what happens. are... just in time for the orange bowl: asteroid spotted on collision course w... mental patient/murder suspect escapes farrow road facility - be careful ... kevin higgins resigns from the citadel... sands to charleston? how wisconsin felt after getting us in the capital one bowl. student section tigernet special: carolina fans throw soda cans, food and spit on clemso... i don't want to win the sec east - bear with me. "i shouldn't have paid $8 for this seat." why don't they let us rush the field anymore? gamecock softball brings in six during fall signing period looking for tickets? gamecocks still have national title hopes ted talk in town for january. help finding a video? peacecutz review: clemson vs fsu and other games steve spurrier after loss to tennessee can any current students or alumni help me with a question about minor v... dorm suggestions gamecocks pride, lets see it! gameday sign ideas? south carolina gamecocks highlights weeks 1-5 (xpost from r/pics) my 4 y/o dubbed her jadeveon pteranodon. i think it ... clowney's hit against michigan ! the black steve spurrier