 social psych survey any idea what a visit to the er w/ student comprehensive insurance costs? where can i donate books around here? places to work this summer? does anyone else at osu like punk music? someone buy this awesome couch! staying on campus during spring break with no plans? want to learn how ... staying on campus during spring break with no plans? want to learn how ... any good black barbers near campus? any good black barbers near campus? summer engineering research? osu men's basketball senior day - free admission? possible mumps outbreak on campus possible mumps outbreak on campus possible mumps outbreak on campus best osu stream eu cse majors, how much did you get paid your first internship? if you're staying in ohio, what are your plans for spring break? academic dismissal/freshman forgiveness schoolboy q concert 3/8 taking online classes? transferred, got grandfathered in to a great group of friends, friends ... transferred, got grandfathered in to a great group of friends, friends ... gpa booster classes? nms research forum at the physics research building from 2-5pm! anyone applied to cse grad for 2014? anyone looking for a place to live? highly recommend. looking for a sublet for summer (one month free rent!) looking for a place to live next year. can you help? making up for a low class grade racism at osu racism at osu retaking a failed course firearm in car on campus? firearm in car on campus? cheplowitz &amp; associates? summit just south of hudson? want to go on a snowboarding trip over spring break? want to go on a snowboarding trip over spring break? is the sel's wireless usually fawful? scheduling question: equivalent prereq. an honest university commercial an honest university commercial an honest university commercial one last winter photo for the year from thompson. one last winter photo for the year from thompson. one last winter photo for the year from thompson. one last winter photo for the year from thompson. one last winter photo for the year from thompson. good places to live if you're a grad student good places to live if you're a grad student what was your gpa and act/sat score that got you accepted? are you from ohio and proud of where you're from? do you want to use 30 ... taking math 2177 vs. 2568 &amp; 2415 withdrawal date for summer classes? a little help with chem 1210 midterm 2 summer sublease! cse placement test -- any advice? [not an endorsement] please remember to vote in the usg elections! any idea what exactly is happening on the oval right now? any idea what exactly is happening on the oval right now? carmen error 500 what time do academic buildings "open"? please take my biostatistics survey please take my biostatistics survey looking for a great job working for ohio state with flexible hours and c... wrestling club? curving for math 1172? taking classes at columbus state (accounting classes) coming back from an e? easy maymester courses? driving on campus right now driving on campus right now driving on campus right now driving on campus right now driving on campus right now driving on campus right now driving on campus right now driving on campus right now driving on campus right now do students get into the osu vs michigan game at the nationwide arena f... do students get into the osu vs michigan game at the nationwide arena f... osu windows phone 8 users: bus tracking app for cabs now available! osu windows phone 8 users: bus tracking app for cabs now available! osu windows phone 8 users: bus tracking app for cabs now available! is it too late to join clubs? is it too late to join clubs? is it too soon to start a graduation thread? hopes, regrets, rumors, pla... presidential seal on rpac basketball courts, anyone know why? presidential seal on rpac basketball courts, anyone know why? systems ii summer 2014 prof. let's play ping pong reminder: all dressed up and no where to go? mirrors' annual charity bal... 5th annual osu bar crawl against cancer 5th annual osu bar crawl against cancer 5th annual osu bar crawl against cancer can anyone suggest some good/easy classes for next semester? computer labs with finale on campus? sean larson infield natural game does anyone know any good music shops near campus? any trampolines to practice flipping? who squats at osu rec facilities? so how do i search for sport classes on buckeyelink for fall semester? a... on campus housing for fall 2014 transfer rpac racquetball courts after the sprinklers went off rpac racquetball courts after the sprinklers went off rpac racquetball courts after the sprinklers went off rpac racquetball courts after the sprinklers went off rpac racquetball courts after the sprinklers went off rpac racquetball courts after the sprinklers went off rpac racquetball courts after the sprinklers went off north steppe? me or cse i can't run a degree audit where can i get a short term lease? engineering technical elective advice looking for a roommate for 2014 school year natural science course suggestions resources on campus do any of you play poker and have room for one more? more inside. osu play hard!! fire alarm at the rpac? cabs bus stops for the athletic centers? psa/request/complaint to those who use lockers at jon and jos. bardcopy acceptance letter where are good drycleaners? where are dem girls? trying to drop a class, get: "error: unable to complete your request. yo... fox and hounds apartments? subleasing one bedroom may to august!! any r/osu members fans of kpop or the like? any r/osu members fans of kpop or the like? any recommendations for an engineering math elective? microsoft officially rebrands skydrive to onedrive what is one course i should take for my last semester? physics 1250 or chem 1220 over the summer? bonnaroo? bonnaroo? psa for using the olentangy bike path (somewhat ranty, be advised). psa for using the olentangy bike path (somewhat ranty, be advised). reported january rape in ohio state residence hall leads to university ... reported january rape in ohio state residence hall leads to university ... reported january rape in ohio state residence hall leads to university ... reported january rape in ohio state residence hall leads to university ... what are some good maymester classes? osu username help... subleasing room on west 10th! (may through early aug, $420/person/month,... looking for girls to hook up with on campus? study partners? music shops? photo from tonight's game against northwestern photo from tonight's game against northwestern photo from tonight's game against northwestern photo from tonight's game against northwestern new york city i'm returning to school after a 3 year hiatus, anyone know the most quie... vote goat usg president 2014 i just got told you cannot fall asleep in the library...is this real? drug test shovel the sidewalks events in the future? shovel the sidewalks events in the future? what is shamrock towing inc.'s territory? physics 1250 tutoring in smith lab? how easy is it to over do activities? does usg actually care about making the university better? [serious] does usg actually care about making the university better? [serious] does usg actually care about making the university better? [serious] does usg actually care about making the university better? [serious] walking to class this morning walking to class this morning walking to class this morning walking to class this morning walking to class this morning walking to class this morning walking to class this morning walking to class this morning walking to class this morning walking to class this morning walking to class this morning walking to class this morning hey /r/osu, i'm ryan hedrick. usg presidential candidate for renewosu, ama. looking for a roommate close to campus chick evans caddie scholarship? pre-pharmacy vs. pharmaceutical science? door to door bullshit &amp; green river ordinances door to door bullshit &amp; green river ordinances parking passes campus area restaurant deals... campus area restaurant deals... passing through columbus... deaf sports fundraising: is it a scam? deaf sports fundraising: is it a scam? i'm doing stand up on friday 2/21 @ ohio union - free - open to the public i'm doing stand up on friday 2/21 @ ohio union - free - open to the public magic the gathering tournys subleasing my 1br in grandview through either august 2014 or july 2015! looking for a fourth roommate to live 3 blocks north of lane (details in... sublease available for maymester and summer! 18+ bars around campus i'd like to swim, but i'm thoroughly intimidated by the rpac. walk me t... i'd like to swim, but i'm thoroughly intimidated by the rpac. walk me t... i'd like to swim, but i'm thoroughly intimidated by the rpac. walk me t... work-outs basketball for less skilled? anyone else having trouble with their email? osu alum - need help getting picture of the oval anyone participating or know anyone in the army rotc? would like some op... incoming freshman questions roommate off campus next year? who should i email to propose the idea of having daft punk perform on th... http://go.osu.edu/oldspice trouble with applying for scholarship! help! private tutors? do you hate cancer? do you have nothing to do on 2/28? do you want to ea... what's happening in taylor tower? what's happening in taylor tower? a quick question from a buckeye hopeful a quick question from a buckeye hopeful best dorms? single on valentine's day? the film and video society will let you know ... any android: netrunner players? looking for something to do on a friday night (underage), suggestions? looking for something to do on a friday night (underage), suggestions? looking to buy a gamecube and games who runs the tvs in north commons? who runs the tvs in north commons? total cost for one year at osu (out of state) snow on campus from the air. giant penis, stick figure, and "uc" spotted. snow on campus from the air. giant penis, stick figure, and "uc" spotted. snow on campus from the air. giant penis, stick figure, and "uc" spotted. snow on campus from the air. giant penis, stick figure, and "uc" spotted. snow on campus from the air. giant penis, stick figure, and "uc" spotted. snow on campus from the air. giant penis, stick figure, and "uc" spotted. snow on campus from the air. giant penis, stick figure, and "uc" spotted. snow on campus from the air. giant penis, stick figure, and "uc" spotted. snow on campus from the air. giant penis, stick figure, and "uc" spotted. could you be a little more specific, oit? roommate search! woohoo! just a quick thank you to whoever is making dogs and dinosaur heads out... just a quick thank you to whoever is making dogs and dinosaur heads out... just a quick thank you to whoever is making dogs and dinosaur heads out... so who's running these twitter accounts?! i feel like there's a social ... so who's running these twitter accounts?! i feel like there's a social ... if i drop a course right now will i get a w? anyone taken languages at osu? recycling bin theft / problems 2 male students, currently sophomores, looking for 2 more roommates for ... one team from osu at boilermake created ewakz: let wikipedia call you a... one team from osu at boilermake created ewakz: let wikipedia call you a... one team from osu at boilermake created ewakz: let wikipedia call you a... hi, i'm from socal and i got into osu. what do i need to know about the... hi, i'm from socal and i got into osu. what do i need to know about the... what's your favorite campus pizza related memory? (inspired from ask red... free columbus symphony orchestra concert (with free food!) on wednesday ... getting the word out about our new student film festival! getting the word out about our new student film festival! renting off-campus &amp; finances? hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... hi buckeyes! reddit cofounder here, coming to osu tonight 7pm in mersh... found cat! found cat! how long does it take for a book to get to thompson from the book deposi... anyone else see this on campus in smith? anyone else see this on campus in smith? anyone else see this on campus in smith? anyone else see this on campus in smith? anyone else see this on campus in smith? anyone else see this on campus in smith? esports initiative league of legends charity tournament - buckeyelol 5 esports initiative league of legends charity tournament - buckeyelol 5 looking for a roommate in the short north how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... how i feel talking to freshmen... buckid at target (lennox)? maximum number of finals on the same day? may session accounting 3300 exam i might cry the day this disappears. i might cry the day this disappears. i might cry the day this disappears. incoming freshman here with questions about the secular student alliance sublease available immediately right on high st. newly renovated. $550 a... should i attend osu? need a roommate next year? housing searches? cool places to explore on campus? cool places to explore on campus? (x/post /r/todayilearned) til after jesse owens won 4 gold medals in the... biological science scholars program questions about osu-newark. chromecast support on resnet? soccer near or on campus? soccer near or on campus? took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share took a picture of the library i wanted to share studying at osu as a forgenier studying at osu as a forgenier 2 scientists/students need to fill 3rd room until late may. please help. any resources for meeting people who like/want to learn more about build... alexis ohanian (founder of reddit) speaking at osu on monday. get your ... alexis ohanian (founder of reddit) speaking at osu on monday. get your ... does anyone have the gateway theater wifi password? what is the "wall boob"? what is the "wall boob"? spring break spring break spring break spring break scott's going down, we're yelling timber! scott's going down, we're yelling timber! scott's going down, we're yelling timber! scott's going down, we're yelling timber! scott's going down, we're yelling timber! scott's going down, we're yelling timber! scott's going down, we're yelling timber! regional or main campus? advice for summer and may credit hours question about econ 2001.01 (micro) visiting-what's there to do? may session room dimensions? anyone else extremely disappointed in the way osu handled this storm? anyone else extremely disappointed in the way osu handled this storm? anyone else extremely disappointed in the way osu handled this storm? anyone else extremely disappointed in the way osu handled this storm? anyone else extremely disappointed in the way osu handled this storm? anyone else extremely disappointed in the way osu handled this storm? anyone else extremely disappointed in the way osu handled this storm? anyone else extremely disappointed in the way osu handled this storm? anyone else extremely disappointed in the way osu handled this storm? party scene at osu? r/osu i need your help. anybody looking for a roommate? any climbers who go to the rec center that wouldn't mind another partner? "osu columbus campus is open and operating under normal conditions." ca... "osu columbus campus is open and operating under normal conditions." ca... "osu columbus campus is open and operating under normal conditions." ca... "osu columbus campus is open and operating under normal conditions." ca... "osu columbus campus is open and operating under normal conditions." ca... nice dinner place near campus? i know this is a long shot...anyone play cricket here? advice for a transferring junior girl? nearest ups drop-off locations for dropping off amazon returns? buckid a trick if you get stuck on the road or getting out today please don't walk in the middle of the streets tonight please don't walk in the middle of the streets tonight please don't walk in the middle of the streets tonight ballroom dancing instructional class can anyone give me an update on what the campus area looks like? i'm a c... few can say this about their collegiate career and even fewer will admi... few can say this about their collegiate career and even fewer will admi... how to get a non-student into a basketball game? i need to find a new home for my kitten (10 month orange tabby) i need to find a new home for my kitten (10 month orange tabby) off-campus housing for fall 2014 schwag on campus? chances of campus closing on wednesday? chances of campus closing on wednesday? [survey] available food items on campus dilemma dropping a class anyone on campus right now want to give me a ride home? a friend's mom made this for gordon gee a friend's mom made this for gordon gee a friend's mom made this for gordon gee a friend's mom made this for gordon gee not a hater, not a fan, just thought you guys would enjoy this... i've created a subreddit for gamers at osu. if you're looking to find o... i've created a subreddit for gamers at osu. if you're looking to find o... graduating engineers, join the order of the engineer! rock on the range dtix? lost my car keys, please help! lost my car keys, please help! lost my car keys, please help! phi sigma theta nhs? has anyone here held a job as a tour guide before (osu ambassador)? changing major to cse superbowl? hired for morrill dining, forgot where to finish process does anyone have a tedx ticket for 2/8 they are willing to sell? admitted to the honors and scholars program. has anyone else noticed that osu's new president is lex luthor? (x-post) room open in 4-bedroom apartment off campus for fall 2014 room open in 4-bedroom apartment off campus for fall 2014 possibly going to osu for fall 2014 as a junior. have a few questions! help installing matlab at home! best bar for a first date best bar for a first date drake is the new president of the univeristy. ymcmb drake is the new president of the univeristy. ymcmb cse majors, ever heard of a freshman landing an internship? isn't it eas... is the buckeye brewing club still active? is the buckeye brewing club still active? where can i get a good haircut around here? accounting 3200 exam why do the building smell like shit? volunteer an hour of your time for a great cause! gotta love this view gotta love this view gotta love this view gotta love this view gotta love this view gotta love this view gotta love this view gotta love this view ohio state board of trustees reaches decision on new osu president ohio state board of trustees reaches decision on new osu president ohio state board of trustees reaches decision on new osu president ohio state board of trustees reaches decision on new osu president ohio state board of trustees reaches decision on new osu president easy online classes at osu? where do i go to see a doctor? advice on getting out of a (non-academic) starting slump? advice on getting out of a (non-academic) starting slump? university of california irvine chancellor michael drake expected to be... university of california irvine chancellor michael drake expected to be... make-up days make-up days how do i get laid? saw a flyer advertising the new mobile app club somewhere but didn't thi... i was recently rejected from osu, and i have a few questions new guy here anyone still looking for a roommate offcampus? a bit early to be looking, but...looking for subleaser! 2br apartment, f... social life living in a single (specifically jones tower)? social life living in a single (specifically jones tower)? sign the therapeutic cannabis and industrial hemp petition on campus! thanks for keeping it classy osu, uiuc did not. thanks for keeping it classy osu, uiuc did not. doge comes to osu the official snow day prayer thread (day 3) the official snow day prayer thread (day 3) the official snow day prayer thread (day 3) snow day? register for the founder of reddit's speaking event at osu - f... overly attached professor overly attached professor overly attached professor overly attached professor overly attached professor overly attached professor overly attached professor overly attached professor overly attached professor overly attached professor overly attached professor overly attached professor overly attached professor classes open wednesday sublease for june and july (115 e 13th, studio apt) join us at uiuc for hackillinois! looking for a roommate for '14-'15 school year do you support medical marijuana and hemp advocacy? join us this friday,... free services for other student orgs class is cancelled tomorrow class is cancelled tomorrow class is cancelled tomorrow class is cancelled tomorrow class is cancelled tomorrow class is cancelled tomorrow class is cancelled tomorrow class is cancelled tomorrow class is cancelled tomorrow thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are thank you - whoever you are is anyone interested starting a hackerspace collective? is anyone interested starting a hackerspace collective? oh yeah. it's still there (as of last friday.) oh yeah. it's still there (as of last friday.) oh yeah. it's still there (as of last friday.) oh yeah. it's still there (as of last friday.) oh yeah. it's still there (as of last friday.) oh yeah. it's still there (as of last friday.) oh yeah. it's still there (as of last friday.) oh yeah. it's still there (as of last friday.) any interest in a larping club? map of connected buildings on campus map of connected buildings on campus the official snow day prayer thread (day 2) the official snow day prayer thread (day 2) the official snow day prayer thread (day 2) the official snow day prayer thread (day 2) the official snow day prayer thread (day 2) carmen ... is ... slow ... carmen ... is ... slow ... why does enarson smell like vomit? why does enarson smell like vomit? why does enarson smell like vomit? vpa and second writing course, also easy 1 credit hour courses the gods have spoken. looking for a fifth person for our house off of north! we've done it reddit columbus campus closed 1/28/2014 looking for a set of lost keys vinyl records resurging question about campus job fair found a dorm key. question about parking the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread the official snow day prayer thread what it's like driving from cleveland to columbus what it's like driving from cleveland to columbus what it's like driving from cleveland to columbus what it's like driving from cleveland to columbus looking for a sprint phone! gordon gee to do ama on /r/wvu february 3 at 6pm. gordon gee to do ama on /r/wvu february 3 at 6pm. my friend had the opportunity to interview dr. tyson when he stopped by ... "for monday, classes at osu columbus will be held as scheduled. we are ... "for monday, classes at osu columbus will be held as scheduled. we are ... "for monday, classes at osu columbus will be held as scheduled. we are ... how i imagine those, with papers or exams this week how i imagine those, with papers or exams this week how i imagine those, with papers or exams this week [update] you can now check for classes that are offered during su 14 sem... what buildings are connected, and how? did i make a mistake in coming back to school? puppy found near king and high photo from today's freedom for ukraine rally looking to sublease for autumn 2014 semester places to go sledding around columbus? anybody developing their own film on campus? composing an /r/osu faq: section headings composing an /r/osu faq: section headings after having a 35lb bag stolen from my front porch, this really made my... after having a 35lb bag stolen from my front porch, this really made my... after having a 35lb bag stolen from my front porch, this really made my... after having a 35lb bag stolen from my front porch, this really made my... scholar's opinion cse/cis graduates: what kind of job did you land? planned maintenance on carmen, carmenconnect, mediasite lecture capture ... looking for roommates at 187 clinton for next year. does ohio state have an early move in program? best sororities on campus have some questions regarding the cse major program's gpa requirements. are students allowed to use ohio state's 3d printing and cnc services? are students allowed to use ohio state's 3d printing and cnc services? what are some active organizations/clubs for service/volunteer opportuni... still looking for a roommate on 164 w. oakland (either full year or fall... are there any major differences between the romophos and mirrors sophomo... textbook issues. need poker (texas holdem) players tonight sublease available for summer did anyone know that the school on 16th and indianola was the first jun... did anyone know that the school on 16th and indianola was the first jun... did anyone know that the school on 16th and indianola was the first jun... did anyone know that the school on 16th and indianola was the first jun... having a car on campus? hey, mods of /r/osu, can we get a little moderation? and maybe some faq's? hey, mods of /r/osu, can we get a little moderation? and maybe some faq's? hey, mods of /r/osu, can we get a little moderation? and maybe some faq's? hey, mods of /r/osu, can we get a little moderation? and maybe some faq's? hey, mods of /r/osu, can we get a little moderation? and maybe some faq's? hey, mods of /r/osu, can we get a little moderation? and maybe some faq's? hey, mods of /r/osu, can we get a little moderation? and maybe some faq's? hey, mods of /r/osu, can we get a little moderation? and maybe some faq's? chances school is cancelled next monday and/or tuesday and/or wednesday? chances school is cancelled next monday and/or tuesday and/or wednesday? chances school is cancelled next monday and/or tuesday and/or wednesday? lost cat in old north columbus/4th street how to report/view heating problems for buildings? hey, r/osu, i'm a student, and i need my oil changed. where's a good sho... organic chemistry 2520 practice exams and problem sets i've noticed at other colleges there are parts of the student union wher... hey students of osu, what are your five favorite things about college an... looking for a fun new sport to try this spring? check out buckeye broomb... wondering why lincoln only houses 9 floors? how long does it take student legal services to look over a lease? how long does it take student legal services to look over a lease? how lax are on campus jobs about taking days off? what's the 4 year graduation rate of the college of engineering? found set of keys on 15th found set of keys on 15th did anyone at riverwatch understand the announcement on the pa system? buckeyelan valve event (saturday 2014/01/25 @ 7pm in ohio union cartoon ... extra room in our house, we need a roomate! free amazon prime for students for 6 months, half price ($39 a year) aft... looking for housing for '14-15 school year. 20yo male architecture under... bob gribben aka that guy from the osu password emails reads mean tweets bob gribben aka that guy from the osu password emails reads mean tweets bob gribben aka that guy from the osu password emails reads mean tweets best dorms on south campus panic! at the disco 1/24 stillman hall lost and found? anyone know of anyone selling a ticket to the arctic monkeys concert feb... looking for people to live with chi alpha christian fellowship tuesday night bible study is carmen being painfully slow for anyone else? is carmen being painfully slow for anyone else? is carmen being painfully slow for anyone else? is carmen being painfully slow for anyone else? healthy eating on campus? any way to check what courses are offered in summer? the ohio state football practice field was not quite ready to be photog... the ohio state football practice field was not quite ready to be photog... research stuff ohio state scholars question alexis ohanian to visit ohio state columbus zoo admittance is free tomorrow in honor of mlk day! columbus zoo admittance is free tomorrow in honor of mlk day! columbus zoo admittance is free tomorrow in honor of mlk day! columbus zoo admittance is free tomorrow in honor of mlk day! columbus zoo admittance is free tomorrow in honor of mlk day! networking with instructors can pay off networking with instructors can pay off networking with instructors can pay off networking with instructors can pay off icy spots on sidewalks anyone looking to go to bars/drink somewhere tonight? digital media studies? do not rent through craig king reality do not rent through craig king reality is campus internet down for anyone else? smith-steeb hall? experiences with mirrors sophomore honorary? anyone taken art 2502? what are some extracurricular activities/clubs i can join for speech and... anyone know where students can get help or advice for filing tax returns... hockey tickets for a non student? what has been your favorite experience at osu? what has been your favorite experience at osu? does anyone want to play guitar on saturday? alexis ohanian (reddit founder) speaking in columbus on feb 10th. regis... alexis ohanian (reddit founder) speaking in columbus on feb 10th. regis... alexis ohanian (reddit founder) speaking in columbus on feb 10th. regis... hey r/osu amazon is doing a promotion for free prime membership for coll... looking for 4 roommates. anyone know untraditional landlords/leases? underground walkways between buildings does anyone know how/if i can hook up an apple tv to osu wireless? anyone interested in the crossroads of artificial intelligence, neurosci... how is this company not charged for littering osu? i see these damn sti... how is this company not charged for littering osu? i see these damn sti... how is this company not charged for littering osu? i see these damn sti... osu police maces student (x-post /r/columbus) osu police maces student (x-post /r/columbus) osu police maces student (x-post /r/columbus) politics society law scholar program? where can i purchase stamps? a video the founder of reddit made for osu. a video the founder of reddit made for osu. a video the founder of reddit made for osu. a video the founder of reddit made for osu. a video the founder of reddit made for osu. a video the founder of reddit made for osu. a video the founder of reddit made for osu. run/workout friend consent is sexy posters @ younkin center where is there a decent liquor store around here? thoughts on leadership summit? anyone wanna chill this weekend? anyone wanna chill this weekend? place on/near campus i can play guitar without bothering anyone? anyone still need a place to live? what is expected at each (chemistry) lab period? post labs? any speedrunners on campus? any speedrunners on campus? so my roommate might have mono the fund for the public interest / environment ohio is a scam! the fund for the public interest / environment ohio is a scam! the fund for the public interest / environment ohio is a scam! can i switch to feh second semester? what would it entail? anyone live in university village? anyone live in university village? followup: man accused of groping women near osu campus arrested collegeworks painting as close to pyramid scheme scam! collegeworks painting as close to pyramid scheme scam! collegeworks painting as close to pyramid scheme scam! collegeworks painting as close to pyramid scheme scam! is there a way to check my buckid number online? thoughts on university band apartments help us save the world through gaming! help us save the world through gaming! does anyone else feel that circumcision is pedophilia,child abuse,sexual... looking for a place to live next year! what is an easy gec to fulfill my literature requirement priority for super seniors returning to dorms? anyone have a non-shitty experience with their isp? tbdbitl appears in commercial for ipad air tbdbitl appears in commercial for ipad air tbdbitl appears in commercial for ipad air tbdbitl appears in commercial for ipad air tbdbitl appears in commercial for ipad air tbdbitl appears in commercial for ipad air tbdbitl appears in commercial for ipad air tbdbitl appears in commercial for ipad air tbdbitl appears in commercial for ipad air tbdbitl appears in commercial for ipad air still looking for someone to take my room! 18+ bars that thing in front of jennings trustworthy mechanics in columbus? good guy braxton (x-post ohiostatefootball &amp; adviceanimals) good guy braxton (x-post ohiostatefootball &amp; adviceanimals) degree audit? what kinds of financial aid can be used for off-campus housing? need a short quote for journalism piece. has anyone heard the wigs (appa... we're looking for an intern at osu! it is paid and you work on your own ... how hard is it to get into a trip for buck-i-serv? how do they choose? questions from a possible class of 2018 has anyone taken math 2568(linear algebra), and know if a non hardcover ... 3 students looking for a roommate next year looking for input on a student radio station idea codeday columbus - a 24 hour hackathon for students, no experience requ... codeday columbus - a 24 hour hackathon for students, no experience requ... found a pair of ray ban glasses on 3rd ave (x-post from /r/columbus) found a pair of ray ban glasses on 3rd ave (x-post from /r/columbus) what's the difference between honors and scholars? 19 year old in town for a few months for an internship. i don't know any... anyone ever worked as a conference assistant? do oa jobs usually open mid-year? what's something fun that i can do with 2-3 other people in columbus tom... is it true there is a secret room in the union? is it true there is a secret room in the union? professors of r/osu, how do you select your textbooks? professors of r/osu, how do you select your textbooks? largest lecture hall? getting into ohio stadium drop the wait list for just a section? still looking for a roommate now and this fall! how the hell do i get buckeyemail set up android? how the hell do i get buckeyemail set up android? can anyone here share their experience/any knowledge on speac or refer m... can anyone with a double major give me advice? preferably in the realm o... a-band students, when/where can i find the band assignments? michigan vs. ohio state - the rivalry looking for a beginner/intermediate lifting buddy looking for a beginner/intermediate lifting buddy looking for a martial arts club and a dance club anyone know about the mortar board honor society? advice for scholars program? any input on phi kappa theta? parking overnight? anyone looking for a roommate for next fall/spring? multiple rooms in 5bdrm/2bath house for sublet this summer!! taking the 1100 level human comparative studies class and still need the... looking for super easy history gec? late searching for housing does anyone have an open spot on a buckeyethon team/ want to start a team? fun classes to take? fun classes to take? does anyone know what's going on at high street and w northwood? get involved! the winter involvement fair is today from 5-8pm. get involved! the winter involvement fair is today from 5-8pm. place to do p90x/insanity? what the hell is this site? what the hell is this site? what the hell is this site? bit early to be looking, but is anybody trying to find a sublease for th... how does osu process packages that are ordered from the dorms? getting to far away class in 10 minutes? short term lease/sublet connecting xbox to osuwireless someone who knows channels on osu's cable: what channel is cbs? tedxohiostateuniversity 2014: time and change. february 8th. tickets on... tedxohiostateuniversity 2014: time and change. february 8th. tickets on... cat caught in no-pets housing practice rooms for instruments other than hughes hall? is anyone else bored? is anyone else bored? university closed tuesday? university closed tuesday? university closed tuesday? should i start my car? should i start my car? [psa] main campus closed tuesday [psa] main campus closed tuesday [psa] main campus closed tuesday how long does it usually take b&amp;n to ship books? connecting my wii to the campus wifi, having some difficulties blackwell/bistro question since it is the start of the semester since it is the start of the semester veterans briefing for tuesday? best way to find jobs close to campus? is there a place to ship packages on campus? so what is open today? (on and off campus) so what is open today? (on and off campus) it's official it's official it's official it's official it's official it's official it's official classes on carmen my reaction to the snow day closing my reaction to the snow day closing my reaction to the snow day closing my reaction to the snow day closing my reaction to the snow day closing my reaction to the snow day closing just got word that class is cancelled tomorrow due to weather. just got word that class is cancelled tomorrow due to weather. just got word that class is cancelled tomorrow due to weather. just got word that class is cancelled tomorrow due to weather. just got word that class is cancelled tomorrow due to weather. just got word that class is cancelled tomorrow due to weather. me right now. me right now. testing out of the first language class? computer help? i got a mail-in coupon for $100 bonus at huntington bank guys easy 1 credit hour classes? classes start on my birthday... is anyone actually going to class tomorrow and tuesday? is anyone actually going to class tomorrow and tuesday? is anyone actually going to class tomorrow and tuesday? is anyone actually going to class tomorrow and tuesday? math 1172? looking for two roommates for next year new commuter student. confused with what parking pass i should get if any. anyone have a lab tomorrow? osu wireless isn't working will i be expected to have my books in the first day? will i be expected to have my books in the first day? has osu ever closed for cold weather? has osu ever closed for cold weather? has osu ever closed for cold weather? has osu ever closed for cold weather? what is considered a global studies class? osu professor peter mansoor does ama. makes front page. (x-post from /r... osu professor peter mansoor does ama. makes front page. (x-post from /r... osu professor peter mansoor does ama. makes front page. (x-post from /r... osu professor peter mansoor does ama. makes front page. (x-post from /r... incredibly disappointed ohio state fan what to do with a wait listed class? do you live on e norwich and have a parking pass you'd be willing to sell? where are you watching the game tonight? has anyone has nandyala for physics 1201? is there a way to look at sei ratings? equipment storage? notification of acceptance into your major? any nutrition majors? please shovel sidewalks and participate in local subreddits like this o... please shovel sidewalks and participate in local subreddits like this o... please shovel sidewalks and participate in local subreddits like this o... no recitation scheduled? advice for an applicant any recommendations for a good gec (for engineering) to take? which textbooks will i need? tuition due on the 2nd - don't forget! tuition due on the 2nd - don't forget! tuition due on the 2nd - don't forget! how good are the personal trainers at the rpac? parking for guests? look for a female student to move-in asap quiet place to live i need a new home. any takers on a roommate? reminder: the tobacco free policy goes into effect tomorrow. reminder: the tobacco free policy goes into effect tomorrow. reminder: the tobacco free policy goes into effect tomorrow. recommendations on parking for the first day of class ohio state yankees-crazy clemson fan today is the last day (dec. 31) to register for boilermake! is there anyway to search for classes based on units? 1000-2000 level history classes? dropping to half time student, full time work for next semester. i know ... graduating senior, osu bucketlist suggestions? graduating senior, osu bucketlist suggestions? what's going on for nye? do you use other facilities besides the rpac? why? what's the deal with "the" ohio state university? difference between psych textbooks? anyone still need a place for this semester? places to work on campus places to work on campus chem 1220 after passing 1250 we thought it would be cool to create a list of the best food in columbus we thought it would be cool to create a list of the best food in columbus do you know of any landlords that start leases before august? got anh tran for calc 2, advice? has anyone had mark christobek before? what are your favorite vegetarian options around campus? music majors has anyone had mary cole as a professor? has anyone had mary cole as a professor? i'm moving into my place on campus on the 3rd, the same day as the oran... i'm moving into my place on campus on the 3rd, the same day as the oran... getting into major and gpa a question for anyone who's taken bio 1113 secrets/places to explore on campus secrets/places to explore on campus secrets/places to explore on campus secrets/places to explore on campus secrets/places to explore on campus what club(s) do you love that you would recommend? what club(s) do you love that you would recommend? any recent grads able to help with a graduation application question? what do you love about ohio state? awesome places to work while enrolled ece 2100 circuits book requirement academic dismissal cse 2221 waitlist current osu students: how did you find a roommate? regarding waitlisted classes watch out for yourself on campus! (cross-post from r/columbus) watch out for yourself on campus! (cross-post from r/columbus) watch out for yourself on campus! (cross-post from r/columbus) watch out for yourself on campus! (cross-post from r/columbus) subleasing for next semester youngstown boys: 30 for 30 documentary youngstown boys: 30 for 30 documentary youngstown boys: 30 for 30 documentary youngstown boys: 30 for 30 documentary how do i sign up for a physical education class (i.e. boxing, skydiving)? how do i sign up for a physical education class (i.e. boxing, skydiving)? subletting a great room for next semester/summer if you're like me and want to do a better job of getting involved and me... switching classes? future buckeye here, dorm suggestions? ohio state professor burys a message in a bottle in the arctic over 50 ... ohio state professor burys a message in a bottle in the arctic over 50 ... ohio state professor burys a message in a bottle in the arctic over 50 ... ohio state professor burys a message in a bottle in the arctic over 50 ... ohio state professor burys a message in a bottle in the arctic over 50 ... ohio state professor burys a message in a bottle in the arctic over 50 ... what the heck happened to the email? (and can you fix it) looking for a room? dog friendly apt 5 minutes from campus. osu winter break fun osu winter break fun osu winter break fun under what conditions are meal plans not required for students living in... thoughts on the newpath program for cse majors? engineers, what is considered a good gpa and how hard is it to improve ... engineers, what is considered a good gpa and how hard is it to improve ... deferred admission status? sublet available, 2 bedroom, cat friendly, free parking lot and we will ... reputations of fraternity chapters searching for osu apparel in big and tall sizes study ranks ohio #6, michigan #34 study ranks ohio #6, michigan #34 study ranks ohio #6, michigan #34 study ranks ohio #6, michigan #34 study ranks ohio #6, michigan #34 anyone take cse 2451(advance c programming)? sublet available anyone need a room next semester? did not do well in a class. is it worth it to retake it? how i avoided paying for textbooks for my final 2 1/2 years at ohio state how i avoided paying for textbooks for my final 2 1/2 years at ohio state deferment? what should i do if i can't get into fisher? stat 1450 depressed on campus :/ depressed on campus :/ depressed on campus :/ depressed on campus :/ depressed on campus :/ watch the ducky shine3 with led's live with osu right now! any one want to buy my two tickets to "tran-siberian orchestra on 12-26-... reserve your ticket to hear alexis ohanion speak at mershon 2/10! reserve your ticket to hear alexis ohanion speak at mershon 2/10! discount tickets for schottenstein center events use discount code "osu"... how does one block mail from all non @osu.edu senders? buckeye real estate in regards to "sean larson" please look at what our boy sean larson just sent my friend... a beautiful morning to be a buckeye. good luck with finals! (x-post /r/... a beautiful morning to be a buckeye. good luck with finals! (x-post /r/... a beautiful morning to be a buckeye. good luck with finals! (x-post /r/... a beautiful morning to be a buckeye. good luck with finals! (x-post /r/... a beautiful morning to be a buckeye. good luck with finals! (x-post /r/... a beautiful morning to be a buckeye. good luck with finals! (x-post /r/... a beautiful morning to be a buckeye. good luck with finals! (x-post /r/... a beautiful morning to be a buckeye. good luck with finals! (x-post /r/... a beautiful morning to be a buckeye. good luck with finals! (x-post /r/... osu food drive? extra blocks? extra blocks? extra blocks? extra blocks? extra blocks? extra blocks? question about blocks/how they're used? to those with blocks left: a psa, or why you should go to morrill common... who else just got an email (or 2) from 'sean larson?' who else just got an email (or 2) from 'sean larson?' who else just got an email (or 2) from 'sean larson?' what websites are available to search for roommates (for an apartment) f... engineering co-ops? looking for 2 tickets to the nutcracker. are professors required to have exams graded by a certain time period? subletting a room on e. maynard tips on organizing inbox? need someone to sublet apartment asap who's entering the lottery and wants to go to the game together? looking for a place to live next year bob gribben reads mean tweets bob gribben reads mean tweets bob gribben reads mean tweets bob gribben reads mean tweets bob gribben reads mean tweets bob gribben reads mean tweets hey fellow buckeyes! where is the best place to sell back textbooks? bowl tickets ohio state to play clemson in orange bowl ohio state to play clemson in orange bowl ohio state to play clemson in orange bowl ohio state to play clemson in orange bowl ohio state to play clemson in orange bowl any architecture students? buckeyes! i have an open slot in my class schedule next year to fill wit... i feel like this is how a lot of us look while watching the first part ... i feel like this is how a lot of us look while watching the first part ... i feel like this is how a lot of us look while watching the first part ... i feel like this is how a lot of us look while watching the first part ... i feel like this is how a lot of us look while watching the first part ... i feel like this is how a lot of us look while watching the first part ... campus living, llc? woody's prayer we are putting bullets in our own feet. anyone know where i can stream the game for free? i am a goddamn idiot. i got written up for drinking in my dorm for the s... biggest bang for your block? i have a question about weed connections view from my place on campus today view from my place on campus today view from my place on campus today view from my place on campus today view from my place on campus today view from my place on campus today looking for two girl roommates for fall 2014/spring 2015 school year--w ... founder of reddit coming to osu founder of reddit coming to osu founder of reddit coming to osu founder of reddit coming to osu need a pickup truck ohio(2) vs michigan state(10) big ten title discussion waitlist for an individualized learning class? can someone provide me with a good picture of the o-h-i-o that uses marc... sources tell metronews e. gordon gee wvu interim president sources tell metronews e. gordon gee wvu interim president sources tell metronews e. gordon gee wvu interim president due to an ungodly amount of blocks, i've decided that you wonderful pe... due to an ungodly amount of blocks, i've decided that you wonderful pe... due to an ungodly amount of blocks, i've decided that you wonderful pe... due to an ungodly amount of blocks, i've decided that you wonderful pe... due to an ungodly amount of blocks, i've decided that you wonderful pe... due to an ungodly amount of blocks, i've decided that you wonderful pe... due to an ungodly amount of blocks, i've decided that you wonderful pe... due to an ungodly amount of blocks, i've decided that you wonderful pe... due to an ungodly amount of blocks, i've decided that you wonderful pe... due to an ungodly amount of blocks, i've decided that you wonderful pe... due to an ungodly amount of blocks, i've decided that you wonderful pe... cheap rentals? intramural hockey lpt: office of student life has a roommate search lpt: office of student life has a roommate search prayingbunny playing osu. will dance at 50 viewers or 200 followers.(sex... looking for some roomates for fall 2014 tutoring rooms/centers for physics (and are preferably open for more tha... what are some easy ways to get rid of blocks? i have a ridiculous amoun... what are some easy ways to get rid of blocks? i have a ridiculous amoun... the ohio state drumline needs your help! the ohio state drumline needs your help! light up the night voting. vote for 83 east 14th avenue house looking for a female student to sublease spring semester!! does anyone know how to figure out what classes are offered in the may t... anyone else having time warner internet problems? low speeds around campus anyone else having time warner internet problems? low speeds around campus history online and textbooks? good finals studying locations? need help picking history gec study for finals...let's put up lights! study for finals...let's put up lights! study for finals...let's put up lights! study for finals...let's put up lights! study for finals...let's put up lights! study for finals...let's put up lights! study for finals...let's put up lights! study for finals...let's put up lights! study for finals...let's put up lights! study for finals...let's put up lights! math 1172 has anyone taken chem 1250? annoying sec fan annoying sec fan annoying sec fan annoying sec fan annoying sec fan annoying sec fan annoying sec fan annoying sec fan annoying sec fan annoying sec fan shooting at charlie bear's new location- 1 dead shooting at charlie bear's new location- 1 dead shooting at charlie bear's new location- 1 dead shooting at charlie bear's new location- 1 dead a michigan state fan wore an osu shirt to saturday's game vs u-m, here's... in case you needed any more reason to be pumped for saturday. any steam users / pc gamers on campus? so mirror lake is empty... so mirror lake is empty... so mirror lake is empty... so mirror lake is empty... so mirror lake is empty... so mirror lake is empty... so mirror lake is empty... so mirror lake is empty... college gameday and b1g title game lost at mirror lake -- can anyone help? subletting room for 2014 summer grant reed, the kid that named his cancer 'michigan,' meets brady hoke b... room for sublet: spring/summer ohio state football team goes crazy on bus while watching auburn beat a... ohio state football team goes crazy on bus while watching auburn beat a... ohio state football team goes crazy on bus while watching auburn beat a... ohio state football team goes crazy on bus while watching auburn beat a... ohio state football team goes crazy on bus while watching auburn beat a... ohio state football team goes crazy on bus while watching auburn beat a... fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan fuck michigan how firm thy friendship... how firm thy friendship... how firm thy friendship... how firm thy friendship... how firm thy friendship... how firm thy friendship... how firm thy friendship... how firm thy friendship... how firm thy friendship... how firm thy friendship... the absolute best picture that has been on my 92" tv all year! the absolute best picture that has been on my 92" tv all year! the absolute best picture that has been on my 92" tv all year! the absolute best picture that has been on my 92" tv all year! the absolute best picture that has been on my 92" tv all year! is this not why you are here? is this not why you are here? is this not why you are here? is this not why you are here? is this not why you are here? hhahahahahhahahaha hhahahahahhahahaha i can't fucking believe it!!!!!!! i can't fucking believe it!!!!!!! i wonder what he is doing to that locker room right now? i wonder what he is doing to that locker room right now? i wonder what he is doing to that locker room right now? is ohio state the luckiest team in college football right now? room for sublet - super close to campus einstein gets it einstein gets it einstein gets it the game: ohio state vs that team up north [video 1:20] the game: ohio state vs that team up north [video 1:20] the game: ohio state vs that team up north [video 1:20] the game: ohio state vs that team up north [video 1:20] mirror lake 2013 - fishbowl improv [3:50] mirror lake 2013 - fishbowl improv [3:50] dorms holding packages? perpetrating plate perpetrating plate perpetrating plate perpetrating plate perpetrating plate looking for a 4th roommate tsun can't even sell their tickets, over 6,000 still available tsun can't even sell their tickets, over 6,000 still available be careful with zellmer's %ichigan jokes; they're antiques! be careful with zellmer's %ichigan jokes; they're antiques! be careful with zellmer's %ichigan jokes; they're antiques! be careful with zellmer's %ichigan jokes; they're antiques! looking for a roommate starting in jan subletting a room for spring/summer okay so post jump(s) what did you all think of the fences? my favorite picture ever...hate week in undergrad days as a bus driver. my favorite picture ever...hate week in undergrad days as a bus driver. my favorite picture ever...hate week in undergrad days as a bus driver. sights and sounds of mirror lake jump: tuesday edition stupid question...ttun? siebert hall on monday night during scum week siebert hall on monday night during scum week siebert hall on monday night during scum week siebert hall on monday night during scum week siebert hall on monday night during scum week siebert hall on monday night during scum week siebert hall on monday night during scum week siebert hall on monday night during scum week siebert hall on monday night during scum week siebert hall on monday night during scum week i lost my wallet during the mirror lake jump last night up on north campus, this is the view out of my dorm's window up on north campus, this is the view out of my dorm's window up on north campus, this is the view out of my dorm's window up on north campus, this is the view out of my dorm's window up on north campus, this is the view out of my dorm's window up on north campus, this is the view out of my dorm's window i need some good trash-talk for the *ichigan game. picture from outside the dorm across from mine. fuck michigan! picture from outside the dorm across from mine. fuck michigan! picture from outside the dorm across from mine. fuck michigan! picture from outside the dorm across from mine. fuck michigan! picture from outside the dorm across from mine. fuck michigan! picture from outside the dorm across from mine. fuck michigan! picture from outside the dorm across from mine. fuck michigan! room available for spring/summer 2014 michigan instagram account hacked by osu fan michigan instagram account hacked by osu fan rescheduling back to back final exams? muck fichigan (mirror lake regulation diss) o-h-i-o with cops during mirror lake monday, 2013 o-h-i-o with cops during mirror lake monday, 2013 o-h-i-o with cops during mirror lake monday, 2013 o-h-i-o with cops during mirror lake monday, 2013 o-h-i-o with cops during mirror lake monday, 2013 o-h-i-o with cops during mirror lake monday, 2013 o-h-i-o with cops during mirror lake monday, 2013 random heisenburgs? tuesday mirror lake jump predictions? tuesday mirror lake jump predictions? mirror lake monday slideshow afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway afro duck contemplates flying to union to get wristband... jumps anyway how nearly all osu student's feel about tomorrows jump. how nearly all osu student's feel about tomorrows jump. how nearly all osu student's feel about tomorrows jump. how nearly all osu student's feel about tomorrows jump. mirror lake fences didn't even last 10 minutes mirror lake fences didn't even last 10 minutes mirror lake fences didn't even last 10 minutes just reminding everyone: fuck michigan, go buckeyes. ohio state fans knock down fences, jump in mirror lake ohio state fans knock down fences, jump in mirror lake mirror lake monday need workout bud ohio state students defy officers to make mirror lake jump does anyone on here know dr. adams-gaston? does anyone on here know dr. adams-gaston? ohio state fans knock down fences, jump in mirror lake north east off campus housing ohio state recruit looks like actual buckeye...via /r/cfb how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now how i'm imagining most osu students right now advice: how to jump in mirror lake (the fake lantern) advice: how to jump in mirror lake (the fake lantern) who tapes out the m's all over campus? who tapes out the m's all over campus? its beat michigan week and the red tape comes out its beat michigan week and the red tape comes out email to president alutto on mirror lake jump wager with /r/uofm open libraries during thanksgiving twas the night before mirror lake night petition to the university about mirror lake jump petition to the university about mirror lake jump petition to the university about mirror lake jump petition to the university about mirror lake jump important: student life imposes sanctions on mirror lake jump important: student life imposes sanctions on mirror lake jump important: student life imposes sanctions on mirror lake jump important: student life imposes sanctions on mirror lake jump important: student life imposes sanctions on mirror lake jump important: student life imposes sanctions on mirror lake jump important: student life imposes sanctions on mirror lake jump important: student life imposes sanctions on mirror lake jump monday night mirror lake jump [fb event link] monday night mirror lake jump [fb event link] questions about going to michigan for the game petition for mirror lake jump to be fun for all. please sign! "bill nye calls neil degrasse tyson" from thursday's talk "bill nye calls neil degrasse tyson" from thursday's talk could a mechanical engineering student answer a few questions for me? anyone need a roommate for fall 2014-2015 brutus likes selfies brutus likes selfies brutus likes selfies brutus likes selfies brutus likes selfies brutus likes selfies brutus likes selfies brutus likes selfies question for people that have already gotten wristbands ohio state crowd quiets down as marching band forms pentagram ohio state crowd quiets down as marching band forms pentagram osu setup problem :3 lantern: mirror lake wristbands and sanctions need a wristband for the mirror lake jump? pm me guess what week it is... help choosing a dorm. transfer student i'm currently a senior in high school and have a few questions about osu. need to get a knee mri film festival coming to ohio state! film festival coming to ohio state! film festival coming to ohio state! how can i make the most out of my family coming to gameday? french field house? audio of neil degrasse tyson reading carl sagan's "pale blue dot" at to... audio of neil degrasse tyson reading carl sagan's "pale blue dot" at to... audio of neil degrasse tyson reading carl sagan's "pale blue dot" at to... audio of neil degrasse tyson reading carl sagan's "pale blue dot" at to... ohio state university men's glee club gets rebuked by a street preacher ... selling an indiana ticket in 33b for anyone interested! will the ndt event tonight be streamed anywhere? buckeyemail down? safety of north 4th street? i'm looking for a place to live for next year chemistry 2510 ochem 1 local realitors alcohol at tailgate which undergraduate majors require a senior thesis? good columbus sushi a helpful tidbit for those living off campus or looking to do so in the ... fire or fire alarm pulled at/by campbell hall? deciding between entrepreneurship minor vs business minor. input? ochem 2540 final those of you going to see neil degrasse tyson speak on thursday, what q... those of you going to see neil degrasse tyson speak on thursday, what q... how do student tickets/packages for bowl games generally work? any reason chuck norris would have been on campus today? any reason chuck norris would have been on campus today? good backpacks? blood battle website/sign up you're invited to purdue's hackathon! february 7th to 9th! registration... you're invited to purdue's hackathon! february 7th to 9th! registration... cheerleaders harassed, coaches fired: 2 ohio state assistants fired aft... cheerleaders harassed, coaches fired: 2 ohio state assistants fired aft... new nike rivalry uniforms are out new nike rivalry uniforms are out if you are having a bad day... vote now to bring an advanced screening of the wolf of wall street to osu! anyone rent from osu premiere properties? looking for 3 or 4 roommates for '14-'15 school year looking for 5-7 bedroom house for fall '14 ohio stadium? checked out u.osu.edu, found a fantastic network engineer checked out u.osu.edu, found a fantastic network engineer is anyone looking for a work out buddy? someone took this off my porch tonight while it was left unattended for... someone took this off my porch tonight while it was left unattended for... someone took this off my porch tonight while it was left unattended for... thanksgiving volunteer opportunities. thanksgiving volunteer opportunities. class notes class notes class notes class notes class notes class notes cse interview prep group wait list question looking for people to interview for an audio essay on adhd/add petitioning to withdrawal so i'm a freshman in exp and have a question...and macroecon is hard and... espn announces next 30 for 30 documentary, youngstown boys espn announces next 30 for 30 documentary, youngstown boys espn announces next 30 for 30 documentary, youngstown boys with tim tebow's nfl prospects fading, could he end up at ohio state in... with tim tebow's nfl prospects fading, could he end up at ohio state in... i made a survey about south campus gateway that takes &lt;1 to do so tha... osu steam pipes part iii 1 bedroom apartment available for fall of 2014 anywhere to do laundry with a buckid off campus? anyone have neil degrasse tyson tickets for sale? the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning the oval yesterday morning midterm troubles is anyone interested in joining my club (details in description)? is anyone interested in joining my club (details in description)? is anyone interested in joining my club (details in description)? the truth about coding it's all urban's fault has anyone taken a language through the individualized track? help me with my thesis: pilot survey on parental support and academic ac... dear students of osu... do you have any regrets choosing osu over other ... looking for a room for next semester ladies and gentlemen, slam thompson. ladies and gentlemen, slam thompson. ladies and gentlemen, slam thompson. bench-clearing brawl at end of osu women's hockey game (11/8) bench-clearing brawl at end of osu women's hockey game (11/8) bench-clearing brawl at end of osu women's hockey game (11/8) bench-clearing brawl at end of osu women's hockey game (11/8) osu's cse or purdue's cs? osu's cse or purdue's cs? tried to come up with some cool osu shades, what do you guys think? osu vs michigan league of legends tournament this saturday (11/16)! musical theatre options for an osu student? osu newman-wolfrom steam pipes ii remember the homeless kitties living underneath the office at the constr... ohio state men's basketball intro video for this year. ohio state men's basketball intro video for this year. ohio state men's basketball intro video for this year. ohio state men's basketball intro video for this year. you can now buy terrelle pryor's 2008 big ten championship ring on ebay you can now buy terrelle pryor's 2008 big ten championship ring on ebay you can now buy terrelle pryor's 2008 big ten championship ring on ebay good employers around campus? good employers around campus? housing questions. tfl college football power rankings: week 12 best. toilet. ever! best. toilet. ever! best. toilet. ever! best. toilet. ever! best. toilet. ever! best. toilet. ever! ladies softshell jacket. ohio state, are ya awake? ohio state, are ya awake? ohio state, are ya awake? ohio state, are ya awake? ohio state, are ya awake? scheduling issue ladies of osu! where do you get your brows done? goat or goat milk for sale cheapest grocery store near campus? . . the travesty that is the bcs threatens to ruin the 2013 season for t... anyone have a link to the osu basketball pump up video? anyone have a link to the osu basketball pump up video? when did you guys who applied early get a decision? beautiful fall sunshine on mirror lake beautiful fall sunshine on mirror lake beautiful fall sunshine on mirror lake come to the union for games, buckeyelan fall is tomorrow! come to the union for games, buckeyelan fall is tomorrow! last time osu lost last time osu lost last time osu lost last time osu lost osu information softare api's? so the bouldering wall at jo south is officially coming down nov. 18th.... so the bouldering wall at jo south is officially coming down nov. 18th.... best place to send ups osu steam pipes any ed or pre-ed majors out there who can help? osu open source lan party! (same time as buckeyelan, why not both!?) out-of-state undergrad potentially working for honda during the winter ... out-of-state undergrad potentially working for honda during the winter ... best housing options for a december graduate what can i get for free with the student health insurance? speed reading classes? warning about ifixx iphone repair shop warning about ifixx iphone repair shop warning about ifixx iphone repair shop warning about ifixx iphone repair shop warning about ifixx iphone repair shop anyone know if the neil degrasse tyson show sold out yet? gooeyz at gateway closed on monday lifeguards and swim instructors wanted housing questions curve with hajime miyazaki? finish enrolling issues scheduling woes has anyone here taken swahili? math 1161 curve? the 15 worst (or best) osu tattoos the 15 worst (or best) osu tattoos commentary: ohio state sucks! commentary: ohio state sucks! commentary: ohio state sucks! commentary: ohio state sucks! commentary: ohio state sucks! commentary: ohio state sucks! any seniors/students not renewing their lease have a house that i can lo... need a room for spring semester what are some fun/easy gec science courses? how is the architecture program? i'm in my first semester here and i'm c... is anyone driving through oklahoma for winter break? author r. l. stine to deliver autumn commencement address author r. l. stine to deliver autumn commencement address author r. l. stine to deliver autumn commencement address author r. l. stine to deliver autumn commencement address author r. l. stine to deliver autumn commencement address author r. l. stine to deliver autumn commencement address can i pay for off campus housing with financial aid? subletting a place for spring semester near campus. looking for a link to a project done by the group "null" at the hackatho... football postseason student tickets any buckeyes wanting to start a smash bros scene in campus? any buckeyes wanting to start a smash bros scene in campus? i need help with a photography project i need help with a photography project moving down from mansfield campus opinions on wright legacy rentals anyone not renewing their lease for a 6-7 bedroom house? tbdbitl featured in the wall street journal tbdbitl featured in the wall street journal tbdbitl featured in the wall street journal any monster hunters on campus? also, any interest in an osu gaming subre... what are some classes everyone could benefit from taking regardless of ... what are some classes everyone could benefit from taking regardless of ... the osu creeper has moved to the short north/convention center area. the osu creeper has moved to the short north/convention center area. the osu creeper has moved to the short north/convention center area. house available on 16th anyone with an android device want ingress invites? scary hangman prank between 12th and 17th scary hangman prank between 12th and 17th scary hangman prank between 12th and 17th anybody live in olentangy village? is it me or is it insane to have a tenant renew their lease 9 months be... is it me or is it insane to have a tenant renew their lease 9 months be... is it me or is it insane to have a tenant renew their lease 9 months be... incoming transfer student, what are the (better) on campus housing options? in case you missed it. there were 2 cheetah cubs on campus by the libra... in case you missed it. there were 2 cheetah cubs on campus by the libra... 18+ bars on campus 18+ bars on campus does anyone have a nice four or five bedroom house they are not releasin... brutus through the years brutus through the years brutus through the years 4,000 buckeyes! 4,000 buckeyes! 4,000 buckeyes! 4,000 buckeyes! 4,000 buckeyes! 4,000 buckeyes! anyone know why the ohio stadium was lit up in blue tonight? anyone here currently living in a 1-bedroom and not re-signing their lease? psych major here with questions on classes. university bike share system. thoughts? looking for ochem tutor ouab presents: neil degrasse tyson - latest discoveries in the universe ouab presents: neil degrasse tyson - latest discoveries in the universe ouab presents: neil degrasse tyson - latest discoveries in the universe ouab presents: neil degrasse tyson - latest discoveries in the universe ouab presents: neil degrasse tyson - latest discoveries in the universe ouab presents: neil degrasse tyson - latest discoveries in the universe ohio state students reporting harassment by local man on reddit | the l... ohio state students reporting harassment by local man on reddit | the l... ohio state students reporting harassment by local man on reddit | the l... material science: which specialization would be the least difficult? question about a potential major switch from cse to cis should i withdraw or get an e? the arena at the end of the rainbow the arena at the end of the rainbow the arena at the end of the rainbow the arena at the end of the rainbow the arena at the end of the rainbow the arena at the end of the rainbow psa: attempted robbery at 12th and pearl - monday night at 10:01pm psa: attempted robbery at 12th and pearl - monday night at 10:01pm blue jackets student rush ohio state life hacks ohio state life hacks osu hackathon team-finder thread osu hackathon team-finder thread a buckeye is the world's best jump roper cats on temporary construction site between mcpherson and smith labs nee... anyone ever taken boxing? my dad carved this after we smashed psu last night. o-h! my dad carved this after we smashed psu last night. o-h! my dad carved this after we smashed psu last night. o-h! why is chemistry at ohio state the worst thing that ever happened? why is chemistry at ohio state the worst thing that ever happened? why is chemistry at ohio state the worst thing that ever happened? why is chemistry at ohio state the worst thing that ever happened? yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. yesterday's halftime show by tbdbitl: hollywood blockbusters. incredible. the business builders club and fundable are bringing alexis ohanian, re... the business builders club and fundable are bringing alexis ohanian, re... ska/punk rock club at osu? economics majors, what did you/will you take for your 5000 level courses... where to get ps3 fixed near campus? need a tutor for econ! is design major competitive? #ohiostatehateweek - the fake lantern #ohiostatehateweek - the fake lantern #ohiostatehateweek - the fake lantern right now, that creepy guy who was banned from campus for his "pick up ... right now, that creepy guy who was banned from campus for his "pick up ... right now, that creepy guy who was banned from campus for his "pick up ... right now, that creepy guy who was banned from campus for his "pick up ... thoughts/opinions on cell phone repair on high street? interested in speaking at tedxohiostateuniversity? interested in speaking at tedxohiostateuniversity? why has woodruff &amp; fisher college become a choke point? scheduling for the math department scheduling question course suggestion economics majors! best fisher professors? organic chemistry ii professors fisher students, does taking a "w" hurt your chances of getting in? clubs/student organizations attend the boss competition finale -- come see the best of student startups osu osu another michigan fail another michigan fail best/worst landlords in the university district? how bad is it to get a "w" if you're not planning on attending grad sch... how bad is it to get a "w" if you're not planning on attending grad sch... textbook uses cardale jones' infamous 'we ain't come to play school' tweet lost key between high and chit, and high and 17th. 1 bedroom apartment available for sublease! anyone selling tickets for mehliana tomorrow night at the wexner center? ohio state marching band "michael jackson tribute" ohio state marching band "michael jackson tribute" ohio state marching band "michael jackson tribute" ohio state marching band "michael jackson tribute" ohio state marching band "michael jackson tribute" ohio state marching band "michael jackson tribute" ohio state marching band "michael jackson tribute" found an ipad mini in prior hall found an ipad mini in prior hall found an ipad mini in prior hall found an ipad mini in prior hall ohio state megabus stop d-tix macklemore &amp; ryan lewis lost phone at ag school lost phone at ag school cheap place near campus to get a haircut? student medical services worth it worth it worth it worth it worth it worth it worth it worth it worth it hey guyz hey guyz unintentionally awesome pic of urban at the homecoming pep rally looking for someone interested in urban exploration have any of you ever utilized student advocacy? have any of you ever utilized student advocacy? regarding "guy who harasses girls on campus" regarding "guy who harasses girls on campus" regarding "guy who harasses girls on campus" regarding "guy who harasses girls on campus" regarding "guy who harasses girls on campus" regarding "guy who harasses girls on campus" osu vs iowa ticket jim tressel, condoleezza rice among suggestions for new ohio state pres... jim tressel, condoleezza rice among suggestions for new ohio state pres... my friends made a brutus pumpkin last night! my friends made a brutus pumpkin last night! my friends made a brutus pumpkin last night! my friends made a brutus pumpkin last night! are there any legitimate or sketchy websites to stream this saturday's g... block o south ticket iowa for sale 11 things only an ohio state student would understand is that a solar-powered surveillance camera between university hall and ... how is one supposed to pronounce "cunz hall"? how is one supposed to pronounce "cunz hall"? how is one supposed to pronounce "cunz hall"? how is one supposed to pronounce "cunz hall"? motivation missing motivation missing calling all fit people of /r/osu! offering 1-on-1 dog sitting services in columbus ohio! need new roommate asap need new roommate asap prospective senior looking into attending osu. any advice? possible transfer student with questions about osu and the bio program. possible transfer student with questions about osu and the bio program. lecture on professional applications on linguistics i have a question about medical services on campus i need a fellow canadian, w/ a current passport! buckid question? torrenting on campus? new osu planetarium takes students and audiences through the universe l... new osu planetarium takes students and audiences through the universe l... new osu planetarium takes students and audiences through the universe l... new osu planetarium takes students and audiences through the universe l... new osu planetarium takes students and audiences through the universe l... parking question is it possible to negotiate rent down? psa about midway psa about midway psa about midway psa about midway psa about midway psa about midway guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus guy who harasses girls around campus panoramic view of my first osu game! panoramic view of my first osu game! panoramic view of my first osu game! degree flowchart for cse degree flowchart for cse watching the sunrise osu fighting games practice problems from other professors buckeyelol iv finals/lan event today! stream link inside! question for osu psych majors/staff... looking for a one bedroom apartment for next fall. what companies should... come enjoy some free hockey on friday! looking for a team for the osu hackathon e-sports initiative is hosting a dota 2 tournament! registration ends su... where can i get a haircut? off campus utilities (cable) copy.com, 25 gigs of storage (5 for @osu 5 referral) details in comments osu vs. penn state tail gate! college gameday sign idea (@uw) college gameday sign idea (@uw) has anyone here switched out of their dorm? (or i could use some advice... has anyone here switched out of their dorm? (or i could use some advice... does anyone know what just happened with the cabs bus on 17th? espn insider request: can the buckeyes win it all? espn insider request: can the buckeyes win it all? pre-gameday overnight parking? putting together a small d&amp;d group, looking for someone to dm eyes that could kill. eyes that could kill. eyes that could kill. eyes that could kill. eyes that could kill. eyes that could kill. eyes that could kill. eyes that could kill. eyes that could kill. ohio state blocked punt (northwestern punter flipped) ohio state blocked punt (northwestern punter flipped) pretty much sums up nw pretty much sums up nw pretty much sums up nw pretty much sums up nw pretty much sums up nw cvs at lane &amp; high is giving out $10 gift cards for answering a 10 m... the best damn gif in the land. the best damn gif in the land. the best damn gif in the land. the best damn gif in the land. the best damn gif in the land. the best damn gif in the land. how often do students receive those "special scholarships" to those paying out-of-state tuition city wide game of tag - journey to the end of the night: robot apocalyps... to upperclassmen who took feh