 oklahoma men's tennis takes down no. 1 buckeyes oklahoma men's tennis takes down no. 1 buckeyes oklahoma men's tennis takes down no. 1 buckeyes oklahoma men's tennis takes down no. 1 buckeyes sooners beat tcu 97-67 on road to finish 2nd seed in the big 12 with 23-... is anyone interested in being interviewed for the ou daily? sooners win last home game of the season against west virginia, 72-62 sooners win last home game of the season against west virginia, 72-62 sooners win last home game of the season against west virginia, 72-62 tennessee vol coming to norman this fall. looking for suggestions on ev... tennessee vol coming to norman this fall. looking for suggestions on ev... facebook event for anyone interested in joining the ruf/neks or ruf/nek ... is anyone going to austin for sxsw, official or unofficial? transfer student - meal plans + general costs my wife's and i's most prized sooners possession. ou 2004 roster o and ... my wife's and i's most prized sooners possession. ou 2004 roster o and ... my wife's and i's most prized sooners possession. ou 2004 roster o and ... sooners sweep longhorns with 77-65 win sooners sweep longhorns with 77-65 win sooners sweep longhorns with 77-65 win sooners sweep longhorns with 77-65 win qb kendal thompson transfer to utah. qb kendal thompson transfer to utah. qb kendal thompson transfer to utah. sunrise at the stadium sunrise at the stadium sunrise at the stadium architecture students: i'm still trying to decide on what i want to stud... ou collegecon | 2.28.14 | union programming board si photographer showing some sooner pride si photographer showing some sooner pride si photographer showing some sooner pride si photographer showing some sooner pride si photographer showing some sooner pride $25 it store gift card for sale. greater grads career fair tomorrow in okc! prospective student--dorm and student life questions questions for freshman year lost keys gen chem 1 vs physics 1 new ibc beach towel new ibc product! [wvu fan here] what is the world's worst media company and why is it lon... get your custom ou camelbak water bottles from our student ibc company a... ou football really cracking down on its players! ou football really cracking down on its players! ou football really cracking down on its players! finance 3033 w/ mcintyre? perspective student followup, questions basketball interview help? ou student manages to make it to next round of jeopardy! - oudaily.com:... ou student manages to make it to next round of jeopardy! - oudaily.com:... ou student manages to make it to next round of jeopardy! - oudaily.com:... anybody want to play some tennis today? interested in soonerthon: ou's dance marathon? oklahoma men's basketball beats baylor, 88-72 oklahoma men's basketball beats baylor, 88-72 oklahoma men's basketball beats baylor, 88-72 oklahoma men's basketball beats baylor, 88-72 oklahoma sooners' blake bell moving to te for 2014 season. has the ou.edu domain gone completely offline? has the ou.edu domain gone completely offline? women's softball national championship ring is amazing. women's softball national championship ring is amazing. women's softball national championship ring is amazing. women's softball national championship ring is amazing. women's softball national championship ring is amazing. ou's recruiting class keeps getting better ou's recruiting class keeps getting better ou's recruiting class keeps getting better university of oklahoma campus virtual tour university of oklahoma campus virtual tour oklahoma basketball moves up to #21 in week 14 ap rankings oklahoma basketball moves up to #21 in week 14 ap rankings oklahoma basketball moves up to #21 in week 14 ap rankings has anyone gone to that reading seminar that i keep seeing flyers for ev... bets on snowpocolapse 2014? transferring for fall 2014! advice? considering ou director of true blood is an ou fan!! found this on campus corner, too perfect found this on campus corner, too perfect found this on campus corner, too perfect found this on campus corner, too perfect sandra day o'connor, u.s. supreme court justice, 1981-2006, to speak at... sandra day o'connor, u.s. supreme court justice, 1981-2006, to speak at... sandra day o'connor, u.s. supreme court justice, 1981-2006, to speak at... sandra day o'connor, u.s. supreme court justice, 1981-2006, to speak at... thinking about transferring oklahoma men's basketball moves up to #23 in week 13 associated press r... oklahoma men's basketball moves up to #23 in week 13 associated press r... oklahoma men's basketball moves up to #23 in week 13 associated press r... ryan spangler's double-double leads sooners to oklahoma state upset ryan spangler's double-double leads sooners to oklahoma state upset ou football: as good as it gets [15:04] ou football: as good as it gets [15:04] ou football: as good as it gets [15:04] post-shooting report discussion shooting at the university of oklahoma. shooting at the university of oklahoma. shooting at the university of oklahoma. shooting at the university of oklahoma. shooting at the university of oklahoma. shooting at the university of oklahoma. shooting at the university of oklahoma. where can u find drawing lessons/tutoring in norman outside of the unive... amidst today's probable false alarm "shooting" (thankfully), an outflow... amidst today's probable false alarm "shooting" (thankfully), an outflow... shooting reported at university of oklahoma shooting reported at university of oklahoma (possible) shots fired at gould hall. (possible) shots fired at gould hall. students told to stay away from windows because it's hard to go when peo... janux discussion backup qb kendall thompson to transfer backup qb kendall thompson to transfer google glass now at one u store in the union google glass now at one u store in the union aaron colvin senior cb injures knee at senior bowl practice. aaron colvin senior cb injures knee at senior bowl practice. ou basketball guard trick shot video (feat. trevor knight) ou basketball guard trick shot video (feat. trevor knight) ou basketball guard trick shot video (feat. trevor knight) ou basketball guard trick shot video (feat. trevor knight) could anyone here do a breakdown of the price comparison of different re... oklahoma basketball moves up to #25 in week 12 coaches poll #25 oklahoma upsets #12 baylor on the road, 66-64 #25 oklahoma upsets #12 baylor on the road, 66-64 #25 oklahoma upsets #12 baylor on the road, 66-64 #25 oklahoma upsets #12 baylor on the road, 66-64 #25 oklahoma upsets #12 baylor on the road, 66-64 #25 oklahoma upsets #12 baylor on the road, 66-64 accepted, soon to be enrolled! residence hall suggestions? i really lik... accepted, soon to be enrolled! residence hall suggestions? i really lik... ivy growth fall 2013 ivy growth fall 2013 ivy growth fall 2013 ivy growth fall 2013 ou students can get free amazon prime! in case you were wondering how the new pride of oklahoma director was j... in case you were wondering how the new pride of oklahoma director was j... ou men's and women's gymnastics rank #1 in the nation after huge openin... ou men's and women's gymnastics rank #1 in the nation after huge openin... ou men's and women's gymnastics rank #1 in the nation after huge openin... ou men's and women's gymnastics rank #1 in the nation after huge openin... i went all the way to korea and i still can't escape these god damn lon... i went all the way to korea and i still can't escape these god damn lon... i went all the way to korea and i still can't escape these god damn lon... i went all the way to korea and i still can't escape these god damn lon... i hear the homework in the class is delicious this was me after i made it from gaylord to sarkeys in 10 minutes need a book: incas and their ancestors, revised edition, 2001. ou men's basketball ranked for first time since 2009 ou men's basketball ranked for first time since 2009 ou men's basketball ranked for first time since 2009 ou men's basketball ranked for first time since 2009 ou men's basketball ranked for first time since 2009 what kind of person.... what kind of person.... does ou offer any lockers on campus? 5 reasons we will have a perfect season and enter and win the first eve... 5 reasons we will have a perfect season and enter and win the first eve... sooner finish #6 in final ap top 25 poll sooner finish #6 in final ap top 25 poll sooner finish #6 in final ap top 25 poll sooner finish #6 in final ap top 25 poll (hopefully future sooner) asking for athletes and greeks that might be o... 2014 sugar bowl - ou vs alabama - complete game - 720p 2014 sugar bowl - ou vs alabama - complete game - 720p 2014 sugar bowl - ou vs alabama - complete game - 720p 2014 sugar bowl - ou vs alabama - complete game - 720p 2014 sugar bowl - ou vs alabama - complete game - 720p 2014 sugar bowl - ou vs alabama - complete game - 720p 5* rb recruit joe mixon verbally commits to oklahoms 5* rb recruit joe mixon verbally commits to oklahoms 5* rb recruit joe mixon verbally commits to oklahoms 5* rb recruit joe mixon verbally commits to oklahoms 5* rb recruit joe mixon verbally commits to oklahoms so what about blake bell? (future sooner) is oklahoma gonna be any good next season? bob stoops sends a final farewell to nick saban. bob stoops sends a final farewell to nick saban. bob stoops sends a final farewell to nick saban. bob stoops sends a final farewell to nick saban. bob stoops sends a final farewell to nick saban. bob stoops sends a final farewell to nick saban. bob stoops sends a final farewell to nick saban. bama fan goes crazy on ou student bama fan goes crazy on ou student bama fan goes crazy on ou student bama fan goes crazy on ou student bama fan goes crazy on ou student paul finebaum eats his own words and with class call himself an idiot f... paul finebaum eats his own words and with class call himself an idiot f... how...just, how... how...just, how... thank you. thank you. thank you. thank you. thank you. thank you. thank you. team welcome is at 2:00 today at the switzer center. team welcome is at 2:00 today at the switzer center. sooners win! 45-31! good win trevor knight and the rest of the sooner m... sooners win! 45-31! good win trevor knight and the rest of the sooner m... sooners win! 45-31! good win trevor knight and the rest of the sooner m... sooners win! 45-31! good win trevor knight and the rest of the sooner m... sooners win! 45-31! good win trevor knight and the rest of the sooner m... sooners win! 45-31! good win trevor knight and the rest of the sooner m... mark may congrats to coach stoops on being the first coach to record a win in al... congrats to coach stoops on being the first coach to record a win in al... congrats to coach stoops on being the first coach to record a win in al... congrats to coach stoops on being the first coach to record a win in al... the game congrats from a nebraska fan. congrats from a nebraska fan. congrats from a nebraska fan. oklahoma vs alabama - sugar bowl 2014 (cf edit) oklahoma vs alabama - sugar bowl 2014 (cf edit) please shut my wife up! best game ever? tonights game or 2000 ncs? sugar bowl streaming options? sugar bowl streaming options? join me over in /r/cfb irc tonight! join me over in /r/cfb irc tonight! people don't know what it is to be champions, oklahoma invented it. - i... people don't know what it is to be champions, oklahoma invented it. - i... thoughts headed into the sugar bowl? thoughts headed into the sugar bowl? i recently moved away after graduating from ou, and i made a quilt out ... i recently moved away after graduating from ou, and i made a quilt out ... i recently moved away after graduating from ou, and i made a quilt out ... i recently moved away after graduating from ou, and i made a quilt out ... non-student sugar bowl ticket for sale looking for guitar hero/rock band controllers for xbox 360 need an upper division science elective. gerald mccoy just bought toys for children for the holidays... gerald mccoy just bought toys for children for the holidays... gerald mccoy just bought toys for children for the holidays... gerald mccoy just bought toys for children for the holidays... gerald mccoy just bought toys for children for the holidays... ttu qb baker mayfield intends to walk on at ou ttu qb baker mayfield intends to walk on at ou ttu qb baker mayfield intends to walk on at ou as a student who keeps checking ozone every few seconds... as a student who keeps checking ozone every few seconds... meanwhile on saturday night live.... meanwhile on saturday night live.... meanwhile on saturday night live.... meanwhile on saturday night live.... meanwhile on saturday night live.... meanwhile on saturday night live.... meanwhile on saturday night live.... meanwhile on saturday night live.... do we play bell or knight? do we play bell or knight? do we play bell or knight? the ref running into the ou player on the sideline at bedlam. the ref running into the ou player on the sideline at bedlam. 2013 boomer sooner christmas (awesome christmas lights) 2013 boomer sooner christmas (awesome christmas lights) 2013 boomer sooner christmas (awesome christmas lights) it's on like donkey kong it's on like donkey kong it's on like donkey kong it's on like donkey kong it's on like donkey kong it's on like donkey kong purchasing a ticket to the bowl game? purchasing a ticket to the bowl game? the interception that wasn't: a look at the ncaa rule that impacted bedlam crimson covers r/okstate for a week! crimson covers r/okstate for a week! has anyone lived at essex square? ou-alabama sugar bowl predicted ou-alabama sugar bowl predicted ou-alabama sugar bowl predicted from your friendly baylor student, thank you! from your friendly baylor student, thank you! from your friendly baylor student, thank you! sooners win the bedlam!!! sooners win the bedlam!!! sooners win the bedlam!!! sooners win the bedlam!!! from ut fans: thanks ou from ut fans: thanks ou oklahoma football ... every damn year oklahoma football ... every damn year snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day snow day more snow day antics ex-sooner travis lewis gets 4 game suspension for peds ex-sooner travis lewis gets 4 game suspension for peds (ex-post /r/cfb) 5-star rb joe mixon names top 4 schools: ucla, cal, wi... (ex-post /r/cfb) 5-star rb joe mixon names top 4 schools: ucla, cal, wi... in honor of bedlam week here are a few links that will make you feel ho... in honor of bedlam week here are a few links that will make you feel ho... damien williams dismissed from the team damien williams dismissed from the team room for rent in norman - 350/mo. all bills paid. guy or gal, doesn't ma... ou vs kansas state stream? future sooners, stay up to the minute with weather updates concerning s... future sooners, stay up to the minute with weather updates concerning s... knight to start saturday, damien williams suspended. knight to start saturday, damien williams suspended. anyone looking for housing for the spring semester? best places to live - transfer student fall '14 any word on who will start as qb this week? will someone please remix this with "i'm a man, i'm 40." ou / iowa state play of the game ou / iowa state play of the game ou / iowa state play of the game anyone here like to go out and drink? sooners sign high school hoops trio: dante buford, khadeem lattin, jamu... sooners sign high school hoops trio: dante buford, khadeem lattin, jamu... daily food deals around norman? daily food deals around norman? daily food deals around norman? daily food deals around norman? selling parking passes for now until - end of may 2014 *$50* anybody find a black north face jacket? weekly ticket marketplace - november 11 anyone going to the pearl jam concert on saturday and coming back to nor... studying in the great reading room anyone subleasing an apartment for this spring? stream for the baylor game? differential equations the university of oklahoma and ucla have agreed to a two-game football ... the university of oklahoma and ucla have agreed to a two-game football ... the university of oklahoma and ucla have agreed to a two-game football ... ou mourns the loss of jid kamoche, associate professor emeritus in hist... ou mourns the loss of jid kamoche, associate professor emeritus in hist... i hate it here. any pick-up soccer games around campus? how do i get an unofficial transcript in pdf? classes for html/css? need tickets to the baylor game? i got some for you! need tickets to the baylor game? i got some for you! updated bowl projections that are never, ever right question about music played at games today's win against tech proves what we *can* do. how big an impact is t... boomer sooner baby!!! boomer sooner baby!!! boomer sooner baby!!! boomer sooner baby!!! question for anyone outside or near the stadium tonight? lon kruger lands top 100 player, khadeem lettin lon kruger lands top 100 player, khadeem lettin looking for calculus tutor i had to take pictures on campus for an assignment, here's a few of the... i had to take pictures on campus for an assignment, here's a few of the... i had to take pictures on campus for an assignment, here's a few of the... sooner ensemble sooner ensemble sooner ensemble found dog - chautauqua and normandie found dog - chautauqua and normandie weekly ticket marketplace - october 21 ou rises to 17, texas tech jumps to 10. ou rises to 17, texas tech jumps to 10. first 24 hour automated library in u.s. installed in norman first 24 hour automated library in u.s. installed in norman first 24 hour automated library in u.s. installed in norman interesting so for k. thompson interesting so for k. thompson romero osby motivated by faith and family stills scores first nfl td stills scores first nfl td stills scores first nfl td stills scores first nfl td thoughts on a subreddit bet contract dropped to 18th in ap it's so beautiful.... (x-posted from r/cfb week 7 trash talk thread.) it's so beautiful.... (x-posted from r/cfb week 7 trash talk thread.) it's so beautiful.... (x-posted from r/cfb week 7 trash talk thread.) resale of red river tickets on location question labtally for android. real time computer lab information for university ... wondering what people thought of this ou shirt wondering what people thought of this ou shirt big tex hanging out with chubbs in heaven big tex hanging out with chubbs in heaven big tex hanging out with chubbs in heaven big tex hanging out with chubbs in heaven big tex hanging out with chubbs in heaven linux club meeting wednesday (10/9) at 5:30 player numbers to be outlined in gold for ou/tx. thoughts? player numbers to be outlined in gold for ou/tx. thoughts? player numbers to be outlined in gold for ou/tx. thoughts? weekly ticket marketplace - october 7 apartments? tickets for tcu game this saturday? red river shootout will be at 11am on abc. red river shootout will be at 11am on abc. oklahoma highlights vs notre dame - 9/28/13 (hd) oklahoma highlights vs notre dame - 9/28/13 (hd) oklahoma highlights vs notre dame - 9/28/13 (hd) oklahoma highlights vs notre dame - 9/28/13 (hd) video of recap or full game vs notre dame? video of recap or full game vs notre dame? ou v nd game discussion ou v nd game discussion something i whipped up this past week. something i whipped up this past week. something i whipped up this past week. something i whipped up this past week. something i whipped up this past week. chess club inquiries upper division non-western or upper division western culture? interested in joining the ruf/neks... does anyone know if there is some site that lists upcoming club meetings? so what's with this one university store? is there a lot of hype surroun... these guys have shown up at ou several times; i'd love to see my fellow ... where to shop for 'business attire clothes'. oklahoma announces it will host tennessee sept. 13, 2014 oklahoma announces it will host tennessee sept. 13, 2014 so i'm told this one's making the rounds in austin... so i'm told this one's making the rounds in austin... so i'm told this one's making the rounds in austin... so i'm told this one's making the rounds in austin... pride members boycott practice in response to stolarik's direction pride members boycott practice in response to stolarik's direction mack brown apologizes for upcoming loss against sooners. mack brown apologizes for upcoming loss against sooners. mack brown apologizes for upcoming loss against sooners. mack brown apologizes for upcoming loss against sooners. linux club meeting 09/18 at 5:30pm (pizza) what's up with this #freeougreek stuff? what's up with this #freeougreek stuff? i gotta have more i gotta have more i gotta have more i gotta have more i gotta have more i gotta have more i gotta have more i gotta have more all hail blake bell! all hail blake bell! all hail blake bell! oklahoma highlights vs tulsa - 9/14/13 (hd) oklahoma highlights vs tulsa - 9/14/13 (hd) biggie shirt guy best places to take a date to dinner in norman? best places to take a date to dinner in norman? daily carpool nw okc -&gt; norman? (x-post /r/okc) does anybody have a scientific calculator i can borrow for the chemistry... any chemistry tutors out there? weekly ticket marketplace - september 9 oklahoma going old school through 2 games oklahoma going old school through 2 games striped stadium- a bird's-eye view striped stadium- a bird's-eye view striped stadium- a bird's-eye view striped stadium- a bird's-eye view striped stadium- a bird's-eye view striped stadium- a bird's-eye view oklahoma football: this time the defense bailed out the sooners over we... oklahoma football: this time the defense bailed out the sooners over we... reddit service day? local news picks up on the ongoing pride of oklahoma drama local news picks up on the ongoing pride of oklahoma drama the sooner schooner ranks in buzzfeed's "the 11 coolest traditions in c... the sooner schooner ranks in buzzfeed's "the 11 coolest traditions in c... the sooner schooner ranks in buzzfeed's "the 11 coolest traditions in c... ou linux club meeting today in devon 226 @ 6:30pm ou football ios wallpapers ou football ios wallpapers i don't think ou athletics could have made a more disappointing intro v... i don't think ou athletics could have made a more disappointing intro v... i don't think ou athletics could have made a more disappointing intro v... weekly ticket marketplace - september 2 oklahoma highlights vs ulm - 8/31/13 (hd) oklahoma highlights vs ulm - 8/31/13 (hd) oklahoma highlights vs ulm - 8/31/13 (hd) oklahoma highlights vs ulm - 8/31/13 (hd) metoyer int reaction ou daily--ou regent defends unqualified pride director--article has sinc... the pride the pride the pride the pride possible lack of safety due to oversold student section? possible lack of safety due to oversold student section? questions for pride memebers, no hate involved questions for pride memebers, no hate involved trevor knight runs sooners past louisiana-monroe 34-0 trevor knight runs sooners past louisiana-monroe 34-0 oklahoma vs. louisiana monroe live stream links? duck dynasty family is in town list of student organizations? sooner games in/around denver? ou ranks among top 12 colleges for best bang for your buck ou ranks among top 12 colleges for best bang for your buck ou ranks among top 12 colleges for best bang for your buck ou ranks among top 12 colleges for best bang for your buck how do i tailgate ou football? weekly ticket marketplace - august 26 so today the hibdon tires next to highway 35 caught fire and i got some... so today the hibdon tires next to highway 35 caught fire and i got some... i need advice from persons knowledgeable about the university! found this little girl while i was cleaning my garage. anyone know who ... found this little girl while i was cleaning my garage. anyone know who ... found this little girl while i was cleaning my garage. anyone know who ... what is the easiest (and most free?) way to stream live football games s... karmin will play a free concert sep. 21 on the union lawn for fall must-... so about the foam party tomorrow... ou's glbt&amp;f meeting tomorrow (friday) (yes, straight people are welc... breaking: knight named ou starting qb breaking: knight named ou starting qb breaking: knight named ou starting qb breaking: knight named ou starting qb pride of oklahoma will stick to traditional pregame ritual pride of oklahoma will stick to traditional pregame ritual pride of oklahoma will stick to traditional pregame ritual fall 2013 r/sooners flyers! fall 2013 r/sooners flyers! /r/sooners ticket exchange for football games? visiting from morgantown, wv late night food? where to meet people? boomer sooner there is only one oklahoma boomer sooner there is only one oklahoma is oklahoma underrated heading into the 2013 season? adrian peterson doing an ama 8/20 at 12:30 cst! [x-post from /r/nfl] adrian peterson doing an ama 8/20 at 12:30 cst! [x-post from /r/nfl] adrian peterson doing an ama 8/20 at 12:30 cst! [x-post from /r/nfl] incoming freshmen incoming freshmen just some words from a former exchange student just some words from a former exchange student reminder: r/cfb will have a write up on oklahoma today reminder: r/cfb will have a write up on oklahoma today a pride member's thoughts on the upcoming season a pride member's thoughts on the upcoming season fan-made throwback concept inspired by iowa st's new jack trice throwba... fan-made throwback concept inspired by iowa st's new jack trice throwba... fan-made throwback concept inspired by iowa st's new jack trice throwba... ou 2013 football predictions interesting (and easy) classes to take advantage of flat-rate tuition? athlete statues: why no adrian peterson? found the university of oklahoma offices near d.c. found the university of oklahoma offices near d.c. hello sooners, i created this this morning. what do you think? is go2ou the leader of sooner's reddit? buzzfeed's 26 reasons why the university of oklahoma is the best... buzzfeed's 26 reasons why the university of oklahoma is the best... buzzfeed's 26 reasons why the university of oklahoma is the best... ou-led research team awarded nasa education research program grant ou-led research team awarded nasa education research program grant incoming sooner's schedule for freshman move-in. any advice on living in... ou now offering a masters degree in environmental sustainability! hi sooners! for my 5 year cakeday today, i wanted to show you what my w... hi sooners! for my 5 year cakeday today, i wanted to show you what my w... hi sooners! for my 5 year cakeday today, i wanted to show you what my w... hi sooners! for my 5 year cakeday today, i wanted to show you what my w... ou to offer new language course: persian 1115 ou to offer new language course: persian 1115 ou to offer new language course: persian 1115 lindsey street set for a makeover (xpost /r/normanok) bob stoops contract extended through 2020. thoughts? bob stoops contract extended through 2020. thoughts? i'm not me without you! i'm not me without you! i'm not me without you! i'm not me without you! i'm not me without you! i'm not me without you! i'm not me without you! i'm not me without you! incoming ou engineering students build rube goldberg machines (hammer an... for any ryan broyles fans, he'll be doing an ama tomorrow at 11:30 am a... for any ryan broyles fans, he'll be doing an ama tomorrow at 11:30 am a... for any ryan broyles fans, he'll be doing an ama tomorrow at 11:30 am a... looking for roommate for next semester(s). anyone know of a house or good apartment that needs renting? medical facilities exactly one month until the start of fall classes. what's the first thin... looking for one roomate for the house. august-may. 300$. oklahoma tattoo help new sooner class of 2017, welcome! new sooner class of 2017, welcome! sooner pride from the utica shale region sooner pride from the utica shale region sooner pride from the utica shale region happy 4th of july! boomer sooner :) happy 4th of july! boomer sooner :) happy 4th of july! boomer sooner :) best local places to eat big xii football pump up video please help a park in moore that was hit by the tornado win $100,000 fr... please help a park in moore that was hit by the tornado win $100,000 fr... i'm a badger fan in wisconsin, but i saw this and decided to post it here. i'm a badger fan in wisconsin, but i saw this and decided to post it here. i'm a badger fan in wisconsin, but i saw this and decided to post it here. i'm a badger fan in wisconsin, but i saw this and decided to post it here. i'm a badger fan in wisconsin, but i saw this and decided to post it here. does anyone ever go into the chat room? apparently barry is into lots of doomed business ventures. here's his l... apparently barry is into lots of doomed business ventures. here's his l... apparently barry is into lots of doomed business ventures. here's his l... they are going to raise the max hours a semester from 19 to 21 or do you... detroit lions tuesday 10, number 10: ryan broyles' key for wide receivi... detroit lions tuesday 10, number 10: ryan broyles' key for wide receivi... building maps good news! good news! any good recommendations on where to buy a cheap bike? check out what i made my dad for father's day out of our old ticket stubs check out what i made my dad for father's day out of our old ticket stubs check out what i made my dad for father's day out of our old ticket stubs chris hardwick - share photo on fb for a chance to win vip passes! national champs! ou softball sooner softball ~ one down, one to go. great game! sooner softball ~ one down, one to go. great game! sooner softball ~ one down, one to go. great game! sooners please be weather aware again today!!! oklahoma strong - a song about moore, ok by an ou student. we love you,... oklahoma strong - a song about moore, ok by an ou student. we love you,... here's what happens when two former sooners sports stars join forces for... tornado safety tornado safety tornado safety comedian chris hardwick - presented by ou summer session comedian chris hardwick - presented by ou summer session espn stats &amp; information removed the bias of the reporters and look... espn stats &amp; information removed the bias of the reporters and look... espn stats &amp; information removed the bias of the reporters and look... espn stats &amp; information removed the bias of the reporters and look... espn stats &amp; information removed the bias of the reporters and look... what is there to do here in the summer? energy management at ou need help finding housing! kendall thompson wasn't hurting anyone. over zealous norman cops are ri... kendall thompson wasn't hurting anyone. over zealous norman cops are ri... bob stoops says the sec bottom half is one of the worst in the nation. ... bob stoops says the sec bottom half is one of the worst in the nation. ... native american languages? good luck with finals! cricket? alaskan sooners represent! alaskan sooners represent! alaskan sooners represent! alaskan sooners represent! alaskan sooners represent! there's only one... there's only one... there's only one... there's only one... need a job and a deal on textbooks? try this. need a job and a deal on textbooks? try this. used textbooks? a great night shot of sarkey's i took last night a great night shot of sarkey's i took last night a great night shot of sarkey's i took last night a great night shot of sarkey's i took last night a great night shot of sarkey's i took last night a great night shot of sarkey's i took last night a picture of evans hall from 1913. can anyone with photoshop skills supe... i made a wallpaper for next season. how do you like it? i made a wallpaper for next season. how do you like it? i made a wallpaper for next season. how do you like it? i made a wallpaper for next season. how do you like it? i made a wallpaper for next season. how do you like it? i made a wallpaper for next season. how do you like it? i made a wallpaper for next season. how do you like it? good morning sooners!!! good morning sooners!!! apartment recommendations for a physics grad student? what the heck is going on in the union tonight? where do you see qb landry jones going in next week's nfl draft? i've re... found this behind crooked crust on campus corner (x-post from r/theboon... found this behind crooked crust on campus corner (x-post from r/theboon... sooners - make sure you're weather aware today, as there's a good chanc... sooners - make sure you're weather aware today, as there's a good chanc... sooners - make sure you're weather aware today, as there's a good chanc... kenny stills' personal story [4:52] anyone have experience with beginning/intermediate golf classes? i was walking around campus today and captured this photo i was walking around campus today and captured this photo i was walking around campus today and captured this photo i was walking around campus today and captured this photo i was walking around campus today and captured this photo majoring in classics? i was also shooting at sarkeys today (video) i was also shooting at sarkeys today (video) is campus going to be too crazy today with the spring game? went to the top of sarkey's and took some pictures. went to the top of sarkey's and took some pictures. went to the top of sarkey's and took some pictures. went to the top of sarkey's and took some pictures. trying to decide between ou and tamu help me does anyone know of any good undergraduate research opportunities? a family piece on redshirt freshman qb knight and his twin brother redsh... more proof that sports writers, not just espn, loves to show hatred to ou. more proof that sports writers, not just espn, loves to show hatred to ou. free "iron &amp; wine" concert this saturday. free "iron &amp; wine" concert this saturday. hey guys! question about sciences at ou til there's a person actually living in the union til there's a person actually living in the union til there's a person actually living in the union came across this on craigslist, figured /r/sooners would appreciate it. came across this on craigslist, figured /r/sooners would appreciate it. til a professor at ou has helped maintain the scientific accuracy of th... til a professor at ou has helped maintain the scientific accuracy of th... til a professor at ou has helped maintain the scientific accuracy of th... til a professor at ou has helped maintain the scientific accuracy of th... til a professor at ou has helped maintain the scientific accuracy of th... til a professor at ou has helped maintain the scientific accuracy of th... til a professor at ou has helped maintain the scientific accuracy of th... old school rivalry and respect old school rivalry and respect why is the faculty so hard pressed on students completing their evals? vote in the r/cfb tournament for picking a college football team to root... how i feel about the heat's winning streak as a sooner fan  how i feel about the heat's winning streak as a sooner fan  how i feel about the heat's winning streak as a sooner fan  how i feel about the heat's winning streak as a sooner fan  how i feel about the heat's winning streak as a sooner fan  how i feel about the heat's winning streak as a sooner fan  switzer-inspired throwback uniform switzer-inspired throwback uniform espn did a highlight piece on rb alex ross, who had playing time last y... espn did a highlight piece on rb alex ross, who had playing time last y... picking a latin 1215 professor 2 o-linemen down. how scared should we be? oklahoma schedules army for 2020 oklahoma schedules army for 2020 oklahoma schedules army for 2020 selection sunday: oklahoma sooners make tournament as no. 10 seed selection sunday: oklahoma sooners make tournament as no. 10 seed selection sunday: oklahoma sooners make tournament as no. 10 seed are there any clubs/organizations based on exploring and getting outdoors?  cool new subreddit for all of you beer lovers you sooners better get on this. like now. you sooners better get on this. like now. oklahoma sooners football harlem shake oklahoma sooners football harlem shake summer course advice. quarterback drew allen to transfer quarterback drew allen to transfer great tutors you've had. ou adds jay boulware to coaching staff (te/special teams). he played fo... ou adds jay boulware to coaching staff (te/special teams). he played fo... honors dorms? visiting tomorrow! what should i check out? exploring the internet! mark mangino will not be coming to ou. off-campus housing options new fan here new fan here rumor: iron and wine to perform at ou april 13th rumor: iron and wine to perform at ou april 13th the links at norman? what is the best way to get from the okc airport to campus? lost wallet interesting historical tidbits about the school/campus? interesting historical tidbits about the school/campus? is anyone else a bit apprehensive about this "new dining concept" in the... whiter than a 1960's texas football team. stay safe, sooners. whiter than a 1960's texas football team. stay safe, sooners. landry jones: runs a "glacially slow" 5.11 40-yard dash at nfl combine.... landry jones: runs a "glacially slow" 5.11 40-yard dash at nfl combine.... i'm conducting a survey about college classroom discussion. please answe... evil dead pre screening on campus? tcgs on campus meeting thursday, february 21st! just wondering if anyone has heard anymore rumors about mangino coming b... perkins man accused of abusing son for liking ou better than osu perkins man accused of abusing son for liking ou better than osu gary simon (corner), marquis anderson (dt) not on oklahoma sooners footb... petroleum engineering at ou petroleum engineering at ou r/cfb sidebar picture for valentines day. r/cfb sidebar picture for valentines day. r/cfb sidebar picture for valentines day. r/cfb sidebar picture for valentines day. harlem shake - ou edition any update on wendy's replacement in the union? ou to hire wvu's bill bedenbaugh as offensive-line coach (replacing jam... ou to hire wvu's bill bedenbaugh as offensive-line coach (replacing jam... reports: ou defensive line coach jackie shipp will not return in 2013; b... ou on the 2012 ffa applicants list for aerial surveillance drones  ou on the 2012 ffa applicants list for aerial surveillance drones  this is what kansas must have been doing in the locker room before thei... this is what kansas must have been doing in the locker room before thei... be safe--2 possible armed prison escapees around norman be safe--2 possible armed prison escapees around norman 2 jail escapees loose in norman.   2 jail escapees loose in norman.   anyone know a nice biology/zoology professor who would speak with me? (d... source confirms patton out as ou offensive line coach aesop rock to play free show on campus aesop rock to play free show on campus ou men's basketball beats #5 kansas 72-66 ou men's basketball beats #5 kansas 72-66 ou men's basketball beats #5 kansas 72-66 ou men's basketball beats #5 kansas 72-66 ou men's basketball beats #5 kansas 72-66 ou men's basketball beats #5 kansas 72-66 ou men's basketball beats #5 kansas 72-66 ou norman linux club meeting announcement wreck-it ralph in meacham tonight looking for french speakers! welp, not going to choose that wifi welp, not going to choose that wifi welp, not going to choose that wifi welp, not going to choose that wifi welp, not going to choose that wifi welp, not going to choose that wifi what do you guys think of this year's football recruitment? will it be a... mangino might be coming back! mangino might be coming back! anyone on norman campus interested in a linux users group club? you're walking down the south oval... john e. hoover: former ou football stars concerned about state of program john e. hoover: former ou football stars concerned about state of program spotted in ou norman. spotted in ou norman. spotted in ou norman. [meta: reminder] message the mods if you submit a link and it doesn't ap... fans chanting - ou vs. texas 1/22/13 - youtube fans chanting - ou vs. texas 1/22/13 - youtube is anyone interested in kraettli apartments for 2013-2014?  i visited ou the other day and thought this was a nice touch at the whi... i visited ou the other day and thought this was a nice touch at the whi... anyone looking for housing from february until july 31st? (2013)  the effects of graduate school on mental health okla. university fertile ground for sugar babies seeking sugar daddies okla. university fertile ground for sugar babies seeking sugar daddies okla. university fertile ground for sugar babies seeking sugar daddies i was just accepted to the university of oklahoma for mechanical engine... i was just accepted to the university of oklahoma for mechanical engine... hello everyone! anyone out there have a good suggestion for an upper div... any love for ou basketball? beat osu at home for the 9th straight time,... any love for ou basketball? beat osu at home for the 9th straight time,... any love for ou basketball? beat osu at home for the 9th straight time,... any love for ou basketball? beat osu at home for the 9th straight time,... when's the huff the least busiest? for the love of science! ou's dr. gaffin and his research with glowing ... for the love of science! ou's dr. gaffin and his research with glowing ... for the love of science! ou's dr. gaffin and his research with glowing ... practicing buddhism in norman. does anyone know if the ou it store will be having another sale this spr... i don't think that bobby stoops can coach a big game. i rest my case. (... i don't think that bobby stoops can coach a big game. i rest my case. (... it's gameday it's gameday finding a poster of the ou/notre dame game i'm moving up there this fall! crazy ticketing in norman? what have i done? living in okc to attent ou health sciences center...please help blake bell and drew allen interview each other at jerryworld blake bell and drew allen interview each other at jerryworld our little sooner and his best buddy. (x-post from /r/aww) our little sooner and his best buddy. (x-post from /r/aww) our little sooner and his best buddy. (x-post from /r/aww) our little sooner and his best buddy. (x-post from /r/aww) our little sooner and his best buddy. (x-post from /r/aww) our little sooner and his best buddy. (x-post from /r/aww) our little sooner and his best buddy. (x-post from /r/aww) 2013 cotton bow hype video ou's blake bell, front-runner to follow landry jones, working on his arm ou's blake bell, front-runner to follow landry jones, working on his arm ou's blake bell, front-runner to follow landry jones, working on his arm sooners in dublin, ireland? my friends idea for a shirt if we win the cotton bowl my friends idea for a shirt if we win the cotton bowl my friends idea for a shirt if we win the cotton bowl my friends idea for a shirt if we win the cotton bowl my friends idea for a shirt if we win the cotton bowl my friends idea for a shirt if we win the cotton bowl my friends idea for a shirt if we win the cotton bowl my friends idea for a shirt if we win the cotton bowl boomer christmas! boomer christmas! what are some ou traditions that aren't football related? construction science? ou's image needs a cotton-bowl victory ou's image needs a cotton-bowl victory is the biz rave a good idea during finals week? grad student looking for a place to live in fall blog post about college bands and "hurry-up" offense. heavily featured ... blog post about college bands and "hurry-up" offense. heavily featured ... blog post about college bands and "hurry-up" offense. heavily featured ... not mine, but i thought i'd share - oklahoma boomer sooner (remix) by do... anybody see the green dragon in northeast okc? fire? what's all the smoke? great stoops gif great stoops gif great stoops gif great stoops gif great stoops gif great stoops gif education majors to be given ipad minis at no cost to them yahoo! sports ranks cotton bowl at #3, out of all 35 bowls. yahoo! sports ranks cotton bowl at #3, out of all 35 bowls. yahoo! sports ranks cotton bowl at #3, out of all 35 bowls. hitler reacts to northern illinois university's bcs placement hitler reacts to northern illinois university's bcs placement hitler reacts to northern illinois university's bcs placement student cotton bowl ticket questions anyone from community of gamers or the other film club? i have some ques... n. illinois knocks sooners out of bcs cortez johnson &amp; jalen saunders arrested for marijuana possession tommy mcdonald 1956 highlights  biology building? last tcgs on campus meeting of the semester tonight, 6-10, hester 181! sooner friend with a knack for graphic design just finished this! sooner friend with a knack for graphic design just finished this! sooner friend with a knack for graphic design just finished this! sooner friend with a knack for graphic design just finished this! what is an easy social science class to take this semester? secret santa with an aggie bedlam halftime show included gangnam style! (gangnam style starts at 1... bedlam halftime show included gangnam style! (gangnam style starts at 1... bedlam halftime show included gangnam style! (gangnam style starts at 1... looking for a d&amp;d/rpg group... pregame and halftime: featuring star trek and gangnam style 2 tickets to bedlam nashville act kopecky family band w/ honeylark at the opolis, dec 2, 2012. tradition tradition tradition tradition tradition tradition anyone stuck in town for thanksgiving with nowhere to go? anyone stuck in town for thanksgiving with nowhere to go? anyone go to morgantown?  i'm curious to hear reaction/reports. concert band weekly ticket marketplace - november 19 bumming a ride back to houston! (ne side) guess the score? the huff is a ruthless places. take up two parking spaces? 5 hate messa... the huff is a ruthless places. take up two parking spaces? 5 hate messa... the huff is a ruthless places. take up two parking spaces? 5 hate messa... the huff is a ruthless places. take up two parking spaces? 5 hate messa... the huff is a ruthless places. take up two parking spaces? 5 hate messa... the huff is a ruthless places. take up two parking spaces? 5 hate messa... the huff is a ruthless places. take up two parking spaces? 5 hate messa... secular students apartment vs. house? meteor future sooner--need information on ap credits and how they transfer to a... kinda late but i took this with my phone at the notre dame game kinda late but i took this with my phone at the notre dame game kinda late but i took this with my phone at the notre dame game sooner alumni, former ut head football coach darrell royal dead at 88 sooner alumni, former ut head football coach darrell royal dead at 88 weekly ticket marketplace tcgs on campus meeting thursday, 11/8/12, 6 pm in hester 181! nebraska-oklahoma agree to play in 2021 &amp; 2022 nebraska-oklahoma agree to play in 2021 &amp; 2022 nebraska-oklahoma agree to play in 2021 &amp; 2022 nebraska-oklahoma agree to play in 2021 &amp; 2022 election day dropping a class at this point. sooners vs nd got higher tv ratings than the world series sooners vs nd got higher tv ratings than the world series sooners vs nd got higher tv ratings than the world series sooners vs nd got higher tv ratings than the world series aerial view of the 100 yard flag. aerial view of the 100 yard flag. aerial view of the 100 yard flag. aerial view of the 100 yard flag. aerial view of the 100 yard flag. what is a good "easy a" non-western culture? what's the nicest building on campus? weekly ticket marketplace - october 30 bob stoops at&amp;t commercial bob stoops at&amp;t commercial bob stoops at&amp;t commercial win or lose, we stand united.  win or lose, we stand united.  win or lose, we stand united.  win or lose, we stand united.  win or lose, we stand united.  win or lose, we stand united.  win or lose, we stand united.  win or lose, we stand united.  win or lose, we stand united.  i don't think that bobby stoops can coach the big 
game.  today's the day today's the day 360 panorama of game day in norman 360 panorama of game day in norman special espn gameday request - let's get some publicity! special espn gameday request - let's get some publicity! weren't we supposed to get midterm grades? the undefeated the undefeated oklahoma sooners vs. notre dame fighting irish-the preview ou offensive lineman, bronson irwin, has an interesting idea to pump up... ou offensive lineman, bronson irwin, has an interesting idea to pump up... ou offensive lineman, bronson irwin, has an interesting idea to pump up... ou offensive lineman, bronson irwin, has an interesting idea to pump up... ou offensive lineman, bronson irwin, has an interesting idea to pump up... tcgs on campus meeting today! special announcement inside. sooners! what are your best gameday sign ideas? sooners! what are your best gameday sign ideas? 5 notre dame vs 8 oklahoma - an epic clash 5 notre dame vs 8 oklahoma - an epic clash the forgotten man of oklahoma football cas is trying to change my name... cas is trying to change my name... cas is trying to change my name... weekly ticket marketplace - october 23 looking for a good hair stylist? i've got a referral for you. stripe the stadium for ou-notre dame! stripe the stadium for ou-notre dame! stripe the stadium for ou-notre dame! stripe the stadium for ou-notre dame! stripe the stadium for ou-notre dame! stripe the stadium for ou-notre dame! i expect those of you going to the game to get at least this crazy. i expect those of you going to the game to get at least this crazy. i used to be the ou mascot...ama gameday will set up on the south oval.   gameday will set up on the south oval.   gameday will set up on the south oval.   gameday will set up on the south oval.   advice for irish fans coming to norman? is anyone else interested in hunting/nature walks? espn's game day is coming to norman for the sooners/fighting irish game espn's game day is coming to norman for the sooners/fighting irish game espn's game day is coming to norman for the sooners/fighting irish game espn's game day is coming to norman for the sooners/fighting irish game dropbox space race - earn points and free space for the whole school by ... big tex just couldn't take it anymore boomer sooner on steel pan - [0:24] boomer sooner on steel pan - [0:24] ohh oklahoma sooners - official page, you so clever ohh oklahoma sooners - official page, you so clever ohh oklahoma sooners - official page, you so clever help! i lost an orange backpack in the caf! dropbox space race! grab a free 3gb right now, and more the more sign up. dropbox space race! grab a free 3gb right now, and more the more sign up. psa: remember to update your race and ethnicity on ozone! psa: remember to update your race and ethnicity on ozone! a friendly reminder: tcgs on campus meeting tuesday, 10/16 from 6-10 at ... where can i scan and email documents on campus? shut up and take my money this pretty much sums up the day for texas this pretty much sums up the day for texas this pretty much sums up the day for texas this pretty much sums up the day for texas zoom! zoom! check out /r/utaustin. sure looks nice! check out /r/utaustin. sure looks nice! appropriate reaction from texas fan. appropriate reaction from texas fan. appropriate reaction from texas fan. appropriate reaction from texas fan. appropriate reaction from texas fan. appropriate reaction from texas fan. appropriate reaction from texas fan. appropriate reaction from texas fan. appropriate reaction from texas fan. yes. yes. yes. yes. the soonervision video created specifically for and played at the 2012 ... the soonervision video created specifically for and played at the 2012 ... the soonervision video created specifically for and played at the 2012 ... barry switzer watching the game barry switzer watching the game the sidebar is right. the sidebar is right. displaced ou fan in tampa friendly wager with /r/utaustin. friendly wager with /r/utaustin. friendly wager with /r/utaustin. "playing for more than a golden hat" "playing for more than a golden hat" "playing for more than a golden hat" is it still to late to bet with /r/utaustin? i'll just be leaving this here for the week. dumb ol' stupid saxet. i'll just be leaving this here for the week. dumb ol' stupid saxet. i'll just be leaving this here for the week. dumb ol' stupid saxet. i'll just be leaving this here for the week. dumb ol' stupid saxet. i'll just be leaving this here for the week. dumb ol' stupid saxet. i'll just be leaving this here for the week. dumb ol' stupid saxet. the play the play history of the red river rivalry: texas vs. oklahoma - youtube history of the red river rivalry: texas vs. oklahoma - youtube longhorn here, i come in peace/don't kill me tcgs on campus holding its next meeting thursday, 10/11/12 6:00 at heste... when is the next ou reddit meetup/board game night? weekly ticket marketplace - october 8th dr. fears passed away last night dr. fears passed away last night dr. fears passed away last night ou/tx ticket for sale oklahoma highlights vs texas tech - 10/06/12 (hd)  oklahoma highlights vs texas tech - 10/06/12 (hd)  lost wallet in adams tower! :( happy 75th birthday to one of the best ever, king barry!  hey everyone, its gonna be chilly in lubbock for the game. finding out about speakers? want to play a card game? come join the tcg club for its first play sess... if anyone near sooner rd and robinson could keep an eye out for a lost ... if anyone near sooner rd and robinson could keep an eye out for a lost ... help! lost a library book at the bottom of walker tower. ou/tx tickets biking on the norman campus is getting ridiculous biking on the norman campus is getting ridiculous call me superstitious... call me superstitious... call me superstitious... halftime omen? halftime omen? halftime omen? halftime omen? halftime omen? pride singing ou chant. pride singing ou chant. pride singing ou chant. i can't be the only one to notice this since coming to ou.  i can't be the only one to notice this since coming to ou.  i can't be the only one to notice this since coming to ou.  loss lies with landry jones loss lies with landry jones anyone know where i can find a copy of the 1939 version of ok oklahoma? the bob stoops dilemma: a victim of his own success - why winning is no ... ou-texas a friend of mine, eric bosse, wrote a book and he's giving the kindle v... a friend of mine, eric bosse, wrote a book and he's giving the kindle v... soon to be a sooner will any of you be going to the ou german club's special stammtisch? r/sooners board game night #2 the walkmen and milo greene playing for free tonight at the fred jones j... any d&amp;d fans out there? i want to start a group. scam alert! watch out of people claiming to work for blue diamond subsc... scam alert! watch out of people claiming to work for blue diamond subsc... officially unofficial /r/sooners board game night - 7:30 ou and fox sports launch sooner sports tv.   ou and fox sports launch sooner sports tv.   wiz khalifa concert! (+5 artists) november 19th @ the lloyd noble center. wiz khalifa concert! (+5 artists) november 19th @ the lloyd noble center. twin shadow free show at the opolis tonight. twin shadow free show at the opolis tonight. the flaming lips playing a free show in okc the flaming lips playing a free show in okc every. single. time.  every. single. time.  ou football breakout star: damien williams oklahoma highlights vs florida a&amp;m - 9/08/12 (hd)  oklahoma highlights vs florida a&amp;m - 9/08/12 (hd)  oklahoma highlights vs florida a&amp;m - 9/08/12 (hd)  the video the video the video anyone able to find a live stream of the game? caption contest: the stills slide first home gameday! booooomer! first home gameday! booooomer! elm parking garage..... elm parking garage..... ou ranked number 1 in top colleges for budding entrepreneurs ou ranked number 1 in top colleges for budding entrepreneurs ou ranked number 1 in top colleges for budding entrepreneurs r/sooners board game night fall 2012 #1 r/sooners board game night fall 2012 #1 can anyone on campus top this speed? best i've gotten in 3 years in nor... can anyone on campus top this speed? best i've gotten in 3 years in nor... look who my boyfriend and i ran into at walmart... look who my boyfriend and i ran into at walmart... look who my boyfriend and i ran into at walmart... so, why does utep have mustard on the sidelines? good morning everyone! it's game day!!!! good morning everyone! it's game day!!!! good morning everyone! it's game day!!!! volleyball tickets olivia munn is ready for college colors day. olivia munn is ready for college colors day. olivia munn is ready for college colors day. olivia munn is ready for college colors day. olivia munn is ready for college colors day. olivia munn is ready for college colors day. olivia munn is ready for college colors day. here is a link to active student organizations someone might find helpful.  i think he might want to go to the utep game with me.... i think he might want to go to the utep game with me.... i think he might want to go to the utep game with me.... i think he might want to go to the utep game with me.... ou ranked most prestigious by espn  ou ranked most prestigious by espn  ou ranked most prestigious by espn  ou ranked most prestigious by espn  ou ranked most prestigious by espn  ou ranked most prestigious by espn  ou ranked most prestigious by espn  who else is staying on campus for labor day weekend? we should plan some... campus corner market is the greatest. campus corner market is the greatest. campus corner market is the greatest. campus corner market is the greatest. campus corner market is the greatest. campus corner market is the greatest. so today i walked in the bike lane... so today i walked in the bike lane... so today i walked in the bike lane... are any of you nerdfighters? anyone need some lifting partners for the huff? anywhere i can practice dance? jobs in norman best sports bars in norman? who all wants to hang out, i have nothing to do. last sunday, i tried to scope out parking lots on campus, and made the ... last sunday, i tried to scope out parking lots on campus, and made the ... last sunday, i tried to scope out parking lots on campus, and made the ... last sunday, i tried to scope out parking lots on campus, and made the ... boxing in norman?  i wanna try to do boxing and as far as i can tell the... we have a new kid on the moderation team! let's all give a warm welcome ... who wants to go see the avengers tomorrow night at 9 in the union? beca... who wants to go see the avengers tomorrow night at 9 in the union? beca... bbc story on tom wort playing college football in the states (xpost from... love tailgating?  come subscribe to r/tailgating. meeting people on campus?  does anybody have a link to a high res photo of the stadium/players? scientific principles of health and disease? any magic: the gathering players out there? i know it's mostly upperclassmen on here... but here is the ou class of... i know it's mostly upperclassmen on here... but here is the ou class of... i know it's mostly upperclassmen on here... but here is the ou class of... i know it's mostly upperclassmen on here... but here is the ou class of... let's try this again! who wants to have lunch with me around 2?  good luck with classes tomorrow! board game nights good with computers? looking for a job? please apply for the it service ... is there anything going on tonight? does anyone know of a drum set on campus? i'm an exchange student in ou for the fall semester. what you would reco... about the class of 2016 photo tomorrow... so any pride members also redditors? come be my friend. south oval on a bench by the fountain. waiting for a... come be my friend. south oval on a bench by the fountain. waiting for a... students of ou, roll call! i need a favor. anyone on campus have an external cd drive? new to ou best isp in norman? do you believe in curses? is anyone on here in the "hogwarts at ou" club? (x/post from /r/harrypo... is anyone on here in the "hogwarts at ou" club? (x/post from /r/harrypo... football tickets heres a ou wallpaper, with the season schedule on it, that i made heres a ou wallpaper, with the season schedule on it, that i made heres a ou wallpaper, with the season schedule on it, that i made heres a ou wallpaper, with the season schedule on it, that i made pride camp starts today! anyone here auditioning? pride camp starts today! anyone here auditioning? what time does the memorial union close? are most ou football games in the evening? new 2012 ou subreddit flyers! help r/sooners grow this fall! new 2012 ou subreddit flyers! help r/sooners grow this fall! new 2012 ou subreddit flyers! help r/sooners grow this fall! my first semester at ou - just looked over my account summary for fall ... my first semester at ou - just looked over my account summary for fall ... my mom owns a bar in noble. she's offering a drink special if you menti... my mom owns a bar in noble. she's offering a drink special if you menti... justin brown (psu transfer) could impact ou return game - espn justin brown (psu transfer) could impact ou return game - espn college reddit day ou meetup!! sat 8/18/12 7-10pm  @ oklahoma memorial ... college reddit day ou meetup!! sat 8/18/12 7-10pm  @ oklahoma memorial ... gt fan here: got a question on brent venables anyone live in forest pointe? looking to rent... ou is now offering free downloadable copies of office 2010, office 2011... ou is now offering free downloadable copies of office 2010, office 2011... ou is now offering free downloadable copies of office 2010, office 2011... ou is now offering free downloadable copies of office 2010, office 2011... sooner american flag oupd says they're only giving verbal warnings about smoking oupd says they're only giving verbal warnings about smoking saferide goes voucher-based... wtf? sooner 2012 games online? camp crimson was probably the best decision i have ever made. enrollment appointment canceled with no explamention sooner or later sooner or later i'm going to tour campus in a few weeks, anything specific i should chec... bam, 700 subscribers. bam, 700 subscribers. i really need a job camp crimson? camp crimson? anyone on this subreddit at the hsc campus in okc? oklahoma state regents for higher education approved a 3% tuition incre... oklahoma state regents for higher education approved a 3% tuition incre... math placement test. i'm fucked. related to the shelter post - would anyone be able to board a dog for me... is there a vietnamese restaurant out here? global meetup day - saturday, june 23 would anyone be interested in a comics authors club? how much interest is there in laser tag for the global reddit meetup day... r/sooners summer game night - 7pm tuesday night 'we kicked their ass': an interview with barry switzer 'we kicked their ass': an interview with barry switzer anyone here for summer school? any sooners appreciate my paint job? (took about 3 hours to draw and ta... any sooners appreciate my paint job? (took about 3 hours to draw and ta... any sooners appreciate my paint job? (took about 3 hours to draw and ta... so, um, hey i'm new. so, um, hey i'm new. #4 ranked running back greg bryant of delray beach, fl, talks about why... #4 ranked running back greg bryant of delray beach, fl, talks about why... #4 ranked running back greg bryant of delray beach, fl, talks about why... am i wrong? am i wrong? am i wrong? am i wrong? am i wrong? good day for the sooners good day for the sooners good study spots on campus bars or clubs in the norman area? i would appreciate some help... a question about enrollment. looking for a roommate for fall and spring semesters for everyone still in town, here's the severe weather risk for today an... for everyone still in town, here's the severe weather risk for today an... duck and apple? roommate needed  roommate needed  are there going to be board game nights over the summer at all? anyone know anything about the cedars apartments? oh hey, it's summer. you don't need receivers in football, do you?  back to the wishbone i g... you don't need receivers in football, do you?  back to the wishbone i g... still looking for a roommate in norman financial aid services is incompetent. both of these were faxed in the s... looking for a roommate for next school year looking for a roommate for next school year letter to the editor: president david boren responds about university's... letter to the editor: president david boren responds about university's... one philosophy from brother michael i actually agree with. one philosophy from brother michael i actually agree with. the detroit sooners critical mass for sooners with bicycles... graduating senior: does anyone know if we loose our email addresses afte... anyone know of any good classes for an upper division western credit? /r/sooners board game night #7 - thursday april 26 7:30pm union moving to norman this august and i need help with renting.  man accused of breaking into sorority house, delta gamma man accused of breaking into sorority house, delta gamma r/sooners meetup going on tonight! anyone know what's with the helicopters and state troopers on campus today? flew over ou yesterday, what a pretty campus... flew over ou yesterday, what a pretty campus... flew over ou yesterday, what a pretty campus... flew over ou yesterday, what a pretty campus... flew over ou yesterday, what a pretty campus... this is a post about the meetup on thursday. we made the internet!!! (crosspost from r/pics) we made the internet!!! (crosspost from r/pics) check out the tornado damage to rotary park check out the tornado damage to rotary park how did everyone weather the storm? everyone okay? update: the severe weather risk for our area has been upgraded from mod... update: the severe weather risk for our area has been upgraded from mod... we're in for a rough saturday - be safe this weekend, sooners! we're in for a rough saturday - be safe this weekend, sooners! we're in for a rough saturday - be safe this weekend, sooners! first black female president of an ivy, ruth simmons, to deliver commen... first black female president of an ivy, ruth simmons, to deliver commen... i hate to be the bearer of bad news, but i'm a moderator and it's kind ... i hate to be the bearer of bad news, but i'm a moderator and it's kind ... wait, what? wait, what? wait, what? wait, what? redditor from montreal in norman adrian peterson donated $1 million to the university adrian peterson donated $1 million to the university adrian peterson donated $1 million to the university it's meetup time in ooooooooooklahoma! do minors show up on your diploma? /r/sooners board game night #6 - thursday april 5 7pm union transferring to ou, any tips on money management/budgeting? anyone ready for some football time in ooooklahoma? if celebrities moved to oklahoma if celebrities moved to oklahoma brother jed smock is coming to your campus. thoughts on history of science major as another event notification outlet, we now have a facebook group! neve... /r/sooners board game night #5 - thursday march 29 7pm union concerning the cat living under my deck: hey sooners, up for board games? everyone's break going well so far? oklahoma state university loses bid to regain millions in insurance prem... trying to get a new student organization off of the ground. details inside! oklahoma school of science and mathematics needs help! /r/sooners board game night #4 - march 14th 8pm union help test ou android app /r/sooners board game night #3 - march 8th 7pm union anyone up for a board game night tonight? some disturbing, embarrassing opinions from your fellow sooners regardin... boardgame night happening now. union foodcourt (across from quiznos) what's the protest in the north oval about? free swing dancing lessons and food you say?   anybody in this group involved/interested in swing or ballroom dancing?  best... meetup... ever! best... meetup... ever! the first weekly /r/sooners board game night.... meetup in about 2 hours! so i'm in sooner country for theatre conference until saturday. i could... so i'm in sooner country for theatre conference until saturday. i could... all right, as promised, next meetup is this friday at 7 at the union! all right, as promised, next meetup is this friday at 7 at the union! an editorial meme?  are you kidding me? an editorial meme?  are you kidding me? welcome to /r/sooners 2.0! welcome to /r/sooners 2.0! welcome to /r/sooners 2.0! 2012 ou football conference schedule released. 2012 ou football conference schedule released. take her from a 4 to a 10 @ louie's take her from a 4 to a 10 @ louie's this weather needs to quit being such a tease. this weather needs to quit being such a tease. this weather needs to quit being such a tease. calling all photographers! i need pictures! university of oklahoma officials scrap plans for designated smoking areas editorial: when you joke about rape, you protect/enable rapists. holy crap, guys. oklahoma sooners: 2011 season exit survey walk sign is on walk sign is on so, sooners, what do you want to do at meetups? does anyone know what the picketing is for at the corner of lindsey and ... how i feel looking at that ou memes facebook page how i feel looking at that ou memes facebook page how i feel looking at that ou memes facebook page how i feel looking at that ou memes facebook page union restaurants cited with health code concerns did anybody else's facebook resemble reddit today? did anybody else's facebook resemble reddit today? psa: regarding ou memes psa: regarding ou memes please, remember. please, remember. so i'm a prospective student and i have a question about student life we need to have another meetup. let's make a little game out of it. has anyone lived at essex square, or have any suggestions in apartment h... weekly board game group? is there any word on a humans vs. zombies game this year? just found this by accident :d a treasure hunt of sorts in adams center [cross-posted] need a date idea?  pink and black ball. anyone in calc 1 that wants to put together a study group? editorial: norman must protect gay rights editorial: norman must protect gay rights sooner beats cancer, shares battle sooner beats cancer, shares battle it's official, no more tobacco use on campus starting july 1. it's official, no more tobacco use on campus starting july 1. need someone to take over my spot in amazing house! how was everyone's first week of the semester? brent venables is headed to clemson [x-post from /r/cfb] brent venables is headed to clemson [x-post from /r/cfb] could someone please explain why the entire campus needs new soap dispen... books room help! question about early disbursement...! for those of you still needing to get textbooks... insight bowl preview: iowa vs oklahoma espn's joe lunardi gives ou men's basketball a no. 11 seed in the first ... why did the tornado sirens just go off? analog reddit in the student union analog reddit in the student union analog reddit in the student union ou panorama from our seats [x-post from itap] ou panorama from our seats [x-post from itap] hey, just want to say good luck on exams! hey, just want to say good luck on exams! hey, just want to say good luck on exams! hey you! since you're obviously taking a break from studying anyway, why... it store faces $1.78 million dollar deficit really ou? it is 35 degrees outside. really ou? it is 35 degrees outside. so we're going to the insight bowl. thoughts? remember: meetup this thursday, dec. 8th at 6pm in the union, right next... who do we blame this loss on? this is it. last game of the season. let's go beat those cowboys! this is it. last game of the season. let's go beat those cowboys! guess the score challenge: ou v osu are any of you responsible for this? what is the cheapest way to get from norman to will 
rodgers airport and... girl talk is coming to norman tomorrow, they are giving away tickets on ... so who here is an ra at couch? so who here is an ra at couch? so who here is an ra at couch? explain to me why this isn't disrespectful and retarded. i'm in greek life at ou, anyone else in a fraternity/sorority? removing the jimmy wales, et al. appeal banners from wikipedia who was/is your favorite professor and why? i'll start... who was/is your favorite professor and why? i'll start... just got my acceptance letter! wanted to get some opinions on the dorms needing help with apartments in norman!!! undefeated oklahoma men's basketball team to play in 76 classic title game the next meetup will be thursday, december 8 around 6-6:30! (union near... the next meetup will be thursday, december 8 around 6-6:30! (union near... i just got my acceptance letter! i just got my acceptance letter! selling my iowa state ticket, going to colorado for thanksgiving so can'... despite the obvious, i had a ton of fun last night because of this. congratulations to rcinsf, who just won the guess the score challenge (o... ou wifi console help guess the score challenge #10 (ou v baylor) hit a parked car?  leave a note like a decent human being, please.   hit a parked car?  leave a note like a decent human being, please.   november is diversity month at ou. to celebrate we now have rainbow flair! have you given blood yet? ou gets $75 million from noaa for weather radar research ou gets $75 million from noaa for weather radar research well, i guess if we beat osu its in the voters hands 
now. well, i guess if we beat osu its in the voters hands 
now. men's basketball team put on 3 years' probation for ncaa violations ok governor declares state of emergency due to earthquakes, storms (incl... holy crap, guys. that was like, the most fun i've ever had with a group ... meetup is on! look for the nerds at the table with the reddit alien sign... ladies and gentlemen, it's time to introduce our first guess the magnit... ladies and gentlemen, it's time to introduce our first guess the magnit... jaz reynolds sick one-handed td catch vs. texas a&amp;m jaz reynolds sick one-handed td catch vs. texas a&amp;m one last reminder so it'll be big: meetup this tuesday @ 6pm at the memo... congratulations to coolhandquill!  only missed the exact score of the ga... holy batcrap earthquake confirmed: ryan broyles suffered a torn acl. early game, let's do this! boomer! and a valiant effort we gave. guess the score challenge (ou v a&amp;m): now with a tie-breaking system! occupy norman is on campus  occupy norman is on campus  poor jimmy stevens dom whaley finally gets scholarship! dom whaley finally gets scholarship! if you see this dog roaming around rancho drive, please, please contact... if you see this dog roaming around rancho drive, please, please contact... even with loss, ou has title game shot remember: meetup next tuesday at 6ish! bring board/card games if you can! voice of the sooners' bob barry sr. dies voice of the sooners' bob barry sr. dies voice of the sooners' bob barry sr. dies we're all thinkin' it: we're all thinkin' it: we're all thinkin' it: congratulations to davidreavis and omgwtfbbq7 (second time) for winning ... grow a college subreddit competition update! guess the score challenge: ou (9) v kansas state (8) could this the inspiration behind the kenny stills haircut? i've always thought shack-a-thon was tacky.  what do you think? i've always thought shack-a-thon was tacky.  what do you think? if you're offered a dvd on campus today, don't bother taking it.  it's ... if you're offered a dvd on campus today, don't bother taking it.  it's ... occupy blanchard, okla. occupy blanchard, okla. you can now display your major along with your graduation year in your u... the pride heading to the tunnels during the rain delay. (bonus: i look r... scumbag kenny stills: dae think that he quit in the 4th quarter against ... as a sooner fan i am ashamed. as a sooner fan i am ashamed. congratulations to onegoodegg -- our first repeat-champion in the guess ... breaking news: its wet.  current students! do you like free food? then come to the uosa tailgate ... how i feel now that it's getting a little chillier  how i feel now that it's getting a little chillier  ou slapwatch music video - pretty entertaining ou slapwatch music video - pretty entertaining looking for guitarist fire hazards guess the score challenge: ou v texas tech guess the score challenge: ou v texas tech coming down for ou tx tech game. where to eat on campus corner? coming down for ou tx tech game. where to eat on campus corner? homecoming stuff new /r/sooners google calendar! simply fill out a nifty form to gain edi... further exposure on campus!? curious as to what you guys would think of this, and also sort of asking... just released: first bcs poll rankings of 2011. just released: first bcs poll rankings of 2011. congratulations to youshallhaveeverbeen -- our new guess the score champ! it's that time of week! let's go destroy those jayhawks! guess the score challenge: ou v kansas world's smallest apatosaurus to be unveiled in norman world's smallest apatosaurus to be unveiled in norman ou v kansas tailgate jamell fleming liberates the ball from texas! jamell fleming liberates the ball from texas! jamell fleming liberates the ball from texas! brent venables gets fired up! brent venables gets fired up! highlights from the red river shootout - offense and defense let's start planning the next meetup! let's start planning the next meetup! just your average ou law student *slightly nsfw* just your average ou law student *slightly nsfw* oklahoma vs texas 2011 shark attack oklahoma vs texas 2011 shark attack please visit /r/utaustin for the next 5 days to see how great the /r/so... please visit /r/utaustin for the next 5 days to see how great the /r/so... please visit /r/utaustin for the next 5 days to see how great the /r/so... my friend made a pretty cool video to the 2011 ou rap anthem... congratulations to dharmapoolshark and lydials -- our co-winners of the ... longhorn here with an honest to good question. longhorn here with an honest to good question. what america now knows about the texas longhorns and their network... (x... ou/texas drinking game bet with /r/utaustin is on!  loser of red river rivalry will display ot... bet with /r/utaustin is on!  loser of red river rivalry will display ot... bet with /r/utaustin is on!  loser of red river rivalry will display ot... be safe this weekend. the pride is about to head out. let's beat the (heck) out of saxet! any sooner fans in austin watching the game this weekend? ou is #4 in the top 10 most influential colleges right behind harvard a... ou is #4 in the top 10 most influential colleges right behind harvard a... guess the score challenge: ou v ut is there any place to get kimchi in norman? highlights from the 1955 red river rivalry (x-post from r/cfb) vending machine with advertising television built-in in dale hall.  [x-post from /r/cfb] i can confirm that this is mostly accurate. [x-post from /r/cfb] i can confirm that this is mostly accurate. extra life charity gaming marathon ou team the greatest play in the history of the red river rivalry: roy "superman... texas and osu hey mods! tony jefferson one handed interception (x-post from /r/cfb/)  tony jefferson one handed interception (x-post from /r/cfb/)  oklahoma's lynn puts huge hit on ball state player oklahoma's lynn puts huge hit on ball state player congratulations to omgwtfbbq7, our new guess the score champion! (ou v b... let's go beat those cardinals! where can i find a feed for the ball state game? ou vs texas ticket for sale guess the score challenge: ou v ball state where's your favorite place to study on campus? another look at that magnificent ou-mizzou sunset another look at that magnificent ou-mizzou sunset ou vs missouri ou vs missouri looking for restaurants to take my girlfriend on a date to in the norman... any ou fans in the ann arbor, mi area? ou trey millard trucks missouri's white ou trey millard trucks missouri's white lsu supplants oklahoma as new #1 in ap poll. oklahoma drops to #2.  ou s... congratulations to onegoodegg our new reigning guess the score champ wit... oklahoma highlights vs. florida state oklahoma highlights vs. florida state ou v missouri: guess the score challenge! ou v missouri: guess the score challenge! pac-12 says no to expansion. why? texas is greedy. thanks for a successful meetup, guys! any sooners on league of legends? for those of you who are new to norman, take a look at the okc city guid... oklahoma gives coach bob stoops 7-year extension worth $34.5m [xpost fr... oklahoma gives coach bob stoops 7-year extension worth $34.5m [xpost fr... lsufreek's take on ou v fsu [xpost from /cfb] [animated .gif] lsufreek's take on ou v fsu [xpost from /cfb] [animated .gif] notice: not showing up to the meetup is grounds for a ban from this subr... president boren given realignment go-ahead [x-post from /r/android] interesting little app that shows redditors aro... local thrift stores? a grandmalicious wintertime preparation offer from one broke sooner to ... a grandmalicious wintertime preparation offer from one broke sooner to ... friendly reminder - meetup this tuesday at 4pm, in the lobby area outsid... congratulations to afarkinokie our new reigning guess the score champ wi... stoops' face after jimmy stevens' final kick stoops' face after jimmy stevens' final kick [discussion] ou: 23, fsu: 13 [discussion] ou: 23, fsu: 13 should england wake up to tom wort? (cross post: r/unitedkingdom) what would you all say to a friendly wager with /r/floridastate? oklahoma v florida state 2011 hype video [x-post from r/cfb] any sooners on here who remember joe washington?  here's an awesome high... rock and/or roll at the deli tonight:  rainbows are free with scabby itc... can anyone recommend me a good tailor in the campus area? disregard previous posts - ou meetup tuesday, september 20th at 5pm! guess i should have made sure a meetup would be feasible... please let m... time for our 2nd guess the score challenge! (ou v fsu) r/sooners irc congratulations on 200 subscribers, /r/sooners! let's celebrate! congratulations on 200 subscribers, /r/sooners! let's celebrate! ou smoking ban - what do you think?? ou fsu tickets. just thought i would let you guys know... for those who don't usually check the weather who's bored? come to walker 343w a dozen administrators from ou and ut, including the presidents, met in ... ou linebacker travis lewis out vs. florida state anyone else going to the ou cousins kick-off party? oklahoma sooners ranked no. 1 for the 100th time oklahoma sooners ranked no. 1 for the 100th time oklahoma sooners ranked no. 1 for the 100th time any interest in small dorm parties? scumbag suite-mate (couch) dominique whaley's road to no. 1 ou running back any sooner redditors know how to create a good website? state lawmakers split on pac-12/big 12, but not on ou, osu staying together ft. worth star-telegram: sooners finally lower the boom
(the joke's on ... ft. worth star-telegram: sooners finally lower the boom
(the joke's on ... rave scene/dance clubs question... ou coach bob stoops hints ou-texas game might be casualty of conference ... oklahoma rb jonathan miller will transfer, bob stoops confirms sooners' being forced to make decision about big 12's future anyone want to play monopoly? ou/tx tickets where do you get your hair cut? so just who is this dominique whaley, you ask?
the surprising junior wal... congratulations to jonboomer for winning our first guess the score chall... [crosspost from /r/normanok] pedestrian struck by truck on corner of asp... oklahoma sooners 2011 football intro ou 'leaning' toward leaving big 12 for pac-12 it's gameday! [breaking]: president boren says ou has interest from multiple conferenc... 2011 oklahoma preview: sooners enter 2011 as the top team in the land big 12 expansion targets may be west less than 24 hours until gameday!   taking a foreign language class at ou? flair (graduation year) is now available next to your username in r/soon... fate of the big 12 rests with ou. iama recent grad, spent 6 glorious years in norman, 5 majors. ama. iama recent grad, spent 6 glorious years in norman, 5 majors. ama. happy 152 readers, /r/sooners! who wants to do a /sooners college pick 'em?  sign up inside! hey guys, i don't want to seem like an asshole for doing this since i ju... just came across r/sooners and this was my reaction.  boomer papa john's $1 pizza deal is going on right now papa john's $1 pizza deal is going on right now found this little gem on the /r/aggies subreddit.  if you've been follow... sooners on wikipedia football's back this saturday! drook blues dancers at ou? sneaking into couch cafeteria ou film folk unite! (xpost from r/oklahoma) r/sooners update! 1 week to go sooner fans! [xpost from cfb] 1 week to go sooner fans! [xpost from cfb] texas a&amp;m notifies big 12 of conference exploration work on dale hall tower is ongoing want to help /r/sooners grow? get your flyers here! want to help /r/sooners grow? get your flyers here! soonersports.com redesign thoughts on the new withdrawal policy? (with bonus screenshot for those ... are you sure joining the greek system is right for you? are you sure joining the greek system is right for you? [x-post from /r/cfb] big 12 could look to make remaining 10 schools lega... oklahoma universities see record freshman enrollment only 9 times since the ap started polling in the 1930s has the preseason... oklahoma: 28th among u.s. states in population, but first in college foo... new moderation, fancy sidebar, and possible user flair  in the future! [crosspost from /r/pics] there's a question block around campus! the couch restaurants the couch restaurants the couch restaurants freshmen, welcome to ou.  freshmen, welcome to ou.  now that things are ramping up, i think i'm going to need another modera... jones on cover of sports illustrated anyone a part of greek life on this subreddit?