 so.. if we beat duke, and cuse loses to flordia st. we'll be a 2 seed i... so.. if we beat duke, and cuse loses to flordia st. we'll be a 2 seed i... "precious memories" - tommy tomlinson on coach smith. "precious memories" - tommy tomlinson on coach smith. "precious memories" - tommy tomlinson on coach smith. unc fans: please explain this moment from 1983, what game, how did this... unc fans: please explain this moment from 1983, what game, how did this... unc fans: please explain this moment from 1983, what game, how did this... unc fans: please explain this moment from 1983, what game, how did this... heels hold off irish, streak extends to twelve: (14) unc 63 - nd 61 heels hold off irish, streak extends to twelve: (14) unc 63 - nd 61 bpi talk: could unc win it all? heels turn streak up to eleven: (19) unc 60 - vt 56 heels turn streak up to eleven: (19) unc 60 - vt 56 help marcus paige win the bob cousy award (best collegiate pg) help marcus paige win the bob cousy award (best collegiate pg) help marcus paige win the bob cousy award (best collegiate pg) wolfpack fans need to grow up - the technician wolfpack fans need to grow up - the technician roy williams interview on dan patrick show 2/28/14 #roying #roying #roying #roying #roying lucas: the first time lucas: the first time lucas: the first time marcus paige is college basketball's newest little badass marcus paige is college basketball's newest little badass the 2005 national championship game in its entirety marcus paige game-winning bucket marcus paige game-winning bucket marcus paige game-winning bucket marcus paige game-winning bucket marcus paige game-winning bucket marcus paige game-winning bucket marcus paige game-winning bucket what happened to the 2005 unc tar heels? paige drops 35 in ot thriller: (19) unc 85 - ncsu 84 paige drops 35 in ot thriller: (19) unc 85 - ncsu 84 kennedy meeks and marcus paige's final goodbyes to the ncsu crowd... i c... welp... i was wrong! so a student wore a gopro on the front row of the risers at the duke ga... so a student wore a gopro on the front row of the risers at the duke ga... so a student wore a gopro on the front row of the risers at the duke ga... so a student wore a gopro on the front row of the risers at the duke ga... so a student wore a gopro on the front row of the risers at the duke ga... so a student wore a gopro on the front row of the risers at the duke ga... new york knicks point guard and former tar heel raymond felton arrested ... roy does the devil's handshake (x-post from r/funny) roy does the devil's handshake (x-post from r/funny) roy does the devil's handshake (x-post from r/funny) "she lives for this" well this will hit you right in the feels. rip mer... "she lives for this" well this will hit you right in the feels. rip mer... espn has a replay of the duke fans watching the game. it's pretty funny... espn has a replay of the duke fans watching the game. it's pretty funny... roy williams after the big win on thursday roy williams after the big win on thursday roy williams after the big win on thursday roy williams after the big win on thursday roy williams after the big win on thursday roy williams after the big win on thursday heels up streak to nine: unc 105 - wfu 72 heels up streak to nine: unc 105 - wfu 72 best article about last night's game - adam lucas: write it down best article about last night's game - adam lucas: write it down best article about last night's game - adam lucas: write it down damn it feels good to be a tarheel damn it feels good to be a tarheel damn it feels good to be a tarheel damn it feels good to be a tarheel damn it feels good to be a tarheel damn it feels good to be a tarheel damn it feels good to be a tarheel go heels!!! go heels!!! go heels!!! go heels!!! go heels!!! duke sucks 2014 franklin rush tarheels become the first team to beat the preseason 1, 2, 3, and 4 tarheels become the first team to beat the preseason 1, 2, 3, and 4 tarheels become the first team to beat the preseason 1, 2, 3, and 4 tarheels become the first team to beat the preseason 1, 2, 3, and 4 franklin street after the win tonight! best night of my college career ... franklin street after the win tonight! best night of my college career ... franklin street after the win tonight! best night of my college career ... suck it, duke. suck it, duke. suck it, duke. storming the court... best night of my life storming the court... best night of my life desmond hubert putback jam vs dook desmond hubert putback jam vs dook desmond hubert putback jam vs dook duck fook! duck fook! question for unc basketball fans. north carolina leads the all-time series against duke 132-104...hoping ... north carolina leads the all-time series against duke 132-104...hoping ... north carolina leads the all-time series against duke 132-104...hoping ... north carolina leads the all-time series against duke 132-104...hoping ... north carolina leads the all-time series against duke 132-104...hoping ... unc will ride paige and mcadoo to victory against duke dook making the early trip to the dean dome today. dick vitale does not approve of unc fans rushing the court with tonight's game in mind...8 points in 17 seconds sunny conditions likely to delay duke game sunny conditions likely to delay duke game sunny conditions likely to delay duke game sunny conditions likely to delay duke game andrew powell defeats emilio vicente to become unc's new student body p... andrew powell defeats emilio vicente to become unc's new student body p... roy gets 300th north carolina win: unc 81 - fsu 75 roy gets 300th north carolina win: unc 81 - fsu 75 roy gets 300th north carolina win: unc 81 - fsu 75 roy gets 300th north carolina win: unc 81 - fsu 75 when will unc be ranked? my grandfather is bad luck brian. my grandfather is bad luck brian. my grandfather is bad luck brian. my grandfather is bad luck brian. current bracketology has 'heels at a 7 seed with the dook game this thursday you gotta wonder... this sbp election is the most important ever...don't let unc become a la... sbp run-off debate tonight at 8 pm in carroll hall (freedom forum center) brice johnson alley-oops through google glass brice johnson alley-oops through google glass brice johnson alley-oops through google glass heels extend streak to 6: unc 75 - (25) pitt 71 heels extend streak to 6: unc 75 - (25) pitt 71 heels extend streak to 6: unc 75 - (25) pitt 71 pre-game warmups through google glass (with pg wade moody) why does diddukewin.com actually say d00k won? unc grad makes the dangerous trek from cameron indoor to the dean dome ... unc grad makes the dangerous trek from cameron indoor to the dean dome ... unc grad makes the dangerous trek from cameron indoor to the dean dome ... with the duke game postponed, feel free to watch the 2000 unc vs. maryl... with the duke game postponed, feel free to watch the 2000 unc vs. maryl... every way duke is better than unc a comprehensive list. every way duke is better than unc a comprehensive list. every way duke is better than unc a comprehensive list. every way duke is better than unc a comprehensive list. every way duke is better than unc a comprehensive list. unc basketball: north carolina part of new four-team event for 2018 one carolina - anthony's day at carolina one carolina - anthony's day at carolina carolina - duke manager game fight the battle for tobacco road no matter what happens tomorrow... no matter what happens tomorrow... places to watch the 2/12 game surging tar heels can take down duke in chapel hill surging tar heels can take down duke in chapel hill this recruiting letter from dean smith to michael jordan recently went ... this recruiting letter from dean smith to michael jordan recently went ... tarheel signee caleb henderson highlights tarheel signee caleb henderson highlights if anyone got a duke ticket they can't/don't want to use and want to giv... kendall marshall making unc proud! kendall marshall making unc proud! kendall marshall making unc proud! johnson goes 8/8 off the bench: unc 75 - md 63 johnson goes 8/8 off the bench: unc 75 - md 63 2014 basketball recruiting class dth letter to the editor: willingham coverage omitted key facts unc hits 25/33 fts: unc 84 - ncsu 70 unc hits 25/33 fts: unc 84 - ncsu 70 unc hits 25/33 fts: unc 84 - ncsu 70 unc hits 25/33 fts: unc 84 - ncsu 70 p.j. hairston vs. bighorns: 45 points, 12-22 fg p.j. hairston vs. bighorns: 45 points, 12-22 fg kenan stadium snow angels...errr... kenan stadium snow angels...errr... kenan stadium snow angels...errr... kenan stadium snow angels...errr... retro uniforms coming back! trio of unc recruits named to mcdonald's all-american game trio of unc recruits named to mcdonald's all-american game weather forces tv broadcast cancellation of unc at georgia tech weather forces tv broadcast cancellation of unc at georgia tech former unc bball player jawad williams discusses work ethic former unc bball player jawad williams discusses work ethic former tarheel pj hairston speaks on his transition to the d-league the streak prevails heels extend record to 57-0: unc 80 - clem 61 heels extend record to 57-0: unc 80 - clem 61 heels extend record to 57-0: unc 80 - clem 61 p.j. with 40 points in his second nba d-league game p.j. with 40 points in his second nba d-league game unc ranked 17th in the nation in college football's 2014 "way-too-early... unc ranked 17th in the nation in college football's 2014 "way-too-early... acc turnaround needs to start now for unc acc turnaround needs to start now for unc adam lucas on the loss to uva pj hairston lights up d-league in debut pj hairston lights up d-league in debut pj hairston lights up d-league in debut ncaa poised to create separate division for sec, big ten, acc, pac-12, b... james harden breaks austin rivers' ankles for the game-winner james harden breaks austin rivers' ankles for the game-winner unc responds to cnn's claim of illiterate athletes with own analysis unc responds to cnn's claim of illiterate athletes with own analysis unc responds to cnn's claim of illiterate athletes with own analysis p.j. hairston no longer enrolled at unc p.j. hairston no longer enrolled at unc p.j. hairston no longer enrolled at unc hairston's off to the d league hairston's off to the d league michael jordan recruiting letters found in storage locker up for auction one free ticket to tonights game (miami). kendall marshall, starting at pg for lakers, posted personal bests in p... kendall marshall, starting at pg for lakers, posted personal bests in p... kendall marshall, starting at pg for lakers, posted personal bests in p... kendall marshall, starting at pg for lakers, posted personal bests in p... let's go carolina! wait...what? (from facebook) let's go carolina! wait...what? (from facebook) let's go carolina! wait...what? (from facebook) let's go carolina! wait...what? (from facebook) shooting guards? the belk bowl the belk bowl here's a partial behind the scenes look at what makes the video board fe... joel james to miss 2 weeks with knee injury belk bowl breakdown heels take it to davidson in ot: (#14) unc 97 - dav 85 heels take it to davidson in ot: (#14) unc 97 - dav 85 unc will not seek reinstatement for pj unc will not seek reinstatement for pj kendall marshall reportedly agrees to deal with lakers nfl mock draft has eric ebron as a top 20 pick hairston resolution by end of week! goes for rebounds, too goes for rebounds, too goes for rebounds, too goes for rebounds, too goes for rebounds, too i would like to dedicate this to the unc basketball team... i would like to dedicate this to the unc basketball team... i would like to dedicate this to the unc basketball team... leslie mcdonald expected to be cleared to play for north carolina leslie mcdonald expected to be cleared to play for north carolina leslie mcdonald expected to be cleared to play for north carolina mcdonald is back; hairston still unknown rural living within commuting distance? former unc basketball player will graves faces drug charges while residi... updated ap poll puts unc #14, ku #19. unc only team to beat 3 ranked op... updated ap poll puts unc #14, ku #19. unc only team to beat 3 ranked op... updated ap poll puts unc #14, ku #19. unc only team to beat 3 ranked op... the roy williams oven of getting fired up dth : hundreds of students turned away from kentucky game (i was one of... dth : hundreds of students turned away from kentucky game (i was one of... heels top cats: (#18) unc 82 - (#11) uk 77 heels top cats: (#18) unc 82 - (#11) uk 77 john henson making a bold statement about the ncaa. john henson making a bold statement about the ncaa. john henson making a bold statement about the ncaa. unc men's basketball: holiday shopping for salvation army unc men's basketball: holiday shopping for salvation army unc to play cincinnati in belk bowl unc to play cincinnati in belk bowl do you think marshall has another shot at the nba? izzo cannot beat them on a boat... izzo cannot beat them on a boat... izzo cannot beat them on a boat... izzo cannot beat them on a boat... izzo cannot beat them on a boat... izzo cannot beat them on a boat... tyler hansbrough dunk on louisville (2008 tournament) roy owns izzo roy owns izzo can we rename our basketball program the "roller coaster program"? we have a thing for #1 teams. we have a thing for #1 teams. we have a thing for #1 teams. we have a thing for #1 teams. we have a thing for #1 teams. christmas help (x-post from r/northcarolina) looking at unc-gillings for grad school, have a few questions heels look to spoil duke's acc coastal plans heels look to spoil duke's acc coastal plans let's give him a great last home game! people counting carolina out already, but paige lights it up... people counting carolina out already, but paige lights it up... people counting carolina out already, but paige lights it up... people counting carolina out already, but paige lights it up... people counting carolina out already, but paige lights it up... people counting carolina out already, but paige lights it up... paige's 32 helps nail cards: (#24) unc 93 - (#3) lou 84 paige's 32 helps nail cards: (#24) unc 93 - (#3) lou 84 paige's 32 helps nail cards: (#24) unc 93 - (#3) lou 84 paige scores 26, heels squash spiders: (#24) unc 82 - rich 72 paige scores 26, heels squash spiders: (#24) unc 82 - rich 72 80 points and its still the 3rd quarter. unc commit caleb henderson scrambles to avoid sack, throws 50+ yard bom... unc commit caleb henderson scrambles to avoid sack, throws 50+ yard bom... attitude towards lesbians at unc? today's game vs. belmont - thoughts? vote for kealia ohai -senior class award! ryan switzer returns 2 punts for touchdowns, north carolina holds off p... ryan switzer returns 2 punts for touchdowns, north carolina holds off p... ryan switzer returns 2 punts for touchdowns, north carolina holds off p... don't you just love state's whole "this is our state" thing when they l... don't you just love state's whole "this is our state" thing when they l... footage from the gopro on the cheerleader at the uva game? unc's hairston, mcdonald to sit out again friday (no timetable for a dec... a message to the unc band from nc state a message to the unc band from nc state a message to the unc band from nc state a message to the unc band from nc state a message to the unc band from nc state a message to the unc band from nc state video: sylvia hatchell's speech to women's basketball team before tennes... alexis ohanian visited my school alexis ohanian visited my school alexis ohanian visited my school "kriz-il-lon-ski!" i expect to hear this chanted at the home game versus... hi, tarheels! reddit cofounder here (with my wtp bus!) -- see you tonig... hi, tarheels! reddit cofounder here (with my wtp bus!) -- see you tonig... hi, tarheels! reddit cofounder here (with my wtp bus!) -- see you tonig... hi, tarheels! reddit cofounder here (with my wtp bus!) -- see you tonig... hi, tarheels! reddit cofounder here (with my wtp bus!) -- see you tonig... hi, tarheels! reddit cofounder here (with my wtp bus!) -- see you tonig... hi, tarheels! reddit cofounder here (with my wtp bus!) -- see you tonig... heels too much for hoos: unc 45 - uva 14 heels too much for hoos: unc 45 - uva 14 heels too much for hoos: unc 45 - uva 14 heels win season opener: (#12) unc 84 - oak 61 heels win season opener: (#12) unc 84 - oak 61 kennedy meeks could play spoiler and earn starting spot (keeping it heel) kennedy meeks could play spoiler and earn starting spot (keeping it heel) roy williams press conference (stream at 2:00 pm) new, slightly bigger/more detailed flair unc homecoming banner contes unc relocates 380 students overnight after fire damages dorm unc relocates 380 students overnight after fire damages dorm renner reportedly out for the season, ending his career as a tar heel renner reportedly out for the season, ending his career as a tar heel fedora is now 2-0 vs state: unc 27 - ncsu 19 fedora is now 2-0 vs state: unc 27 - ncsu 19 fedora is now 2-0 vs state: unc 27 - ncsu 19 unc football players stomp on nc state midfield logo after their 27-19 v... where to watch the game? happy halloween! happy halloween! happy halloween! happy halloween! happy halloween! advice on transferring to unc unc defense steps it up for a 34-10 victory over bc unc defense steps it up for a 34-10 victory over bc unc defense steps it up for a 34-10 victory over bc fyi: late night with roy is tonight starting at 7pm housing at unc if you or someone you know was at the "zero dark thursday" game, then ch... tickets are now live for alexis ohanian speaking event at unc! happy 220th birthday, carolina! happy 220th birthday, carolina! here's an explanation of zero dark thursday zero dark thursday sylvia hatchell diagnosed with leukemia board of governors reducing unc drop/add period from 8 weeks down to ju... board of governors reducing unc drop/add period from 8 weeks down to ju... anyone wanna tell me why we are so terrible this year? hairston will practice with the team; still no word on when he will play hairston will practice with the team; still no word on when he will play here is the new paint job in the end zones for this weeks game! i just recently created a sub for tobacco road sports, if anyone is inte... former unc rb gio bernard scoring a beautiful td former unc rb gio bernard scoring a beautiful td former unc rb gio bernard scoring a beautiful td former unc rb gio bernard scoring a beautiful td mysterious coded signs in chapel hill - what do they mean? jacket fan here, hope you guys will check out my game preview for today.... wolphie fans...lol wolphie fans...lol wolphie fans...lol 10 of duke's 15 nba players are ranked outside the top 325 by espn's nb... 10 of duke's 15 nba players are ranked outside the top 325 by espn's nb... 10 of duke's 15 nba players are ranked outside the top 325 by espn's nb... kendall marshall with a sick pass between an opponent's legs [x-post fr... kendall marshall with a sick pass between an opponent's legs [x-post fr... kendall marshall with a sick pass between an opponent's legs [x-post fr... kendall marshall with a sick pass between an opponent's legs [x-post fr... carolina ipad app released - weekly magazine teal is not carolina blue. teal is not carolina blue. teal is not carolina blue. one of my favorite pictures i took this year one of my favorite pictures i took this year one of my favorite pictures i took this year one of my favorite pictures i took this year basketball tickets no lottery games for football? elijah hood to unc: 4-star rb decommits from notre dame to join tar heels elijah hood to unc: 4-star rb decommits from notre dame to join tar heels elijah hood to unc: 4-star rb decommits from notre dame to join tar heels elijah hood to unc: 4-star rb decommits from notre dame to join tar heels unc football wallpaper with schedule unc football wallpaper with schedule incredible behind-the-scenes piece on the unc women's soccer team. this... incredible behind-the-scenes piece on the unc women's soccer team. this... incredible behind-the-scenes piece on the unc women's soccer team. this... thanks to danny green for the r/tarheels shoutout! thanks to danny green for the r/tarheels shoutout! thanks to danny green for the r/tarheels shoutout! thanks to danny green for the r/tarheels shoutout! announcement: danny green, shooting guard for the san antonio spurs, wi... announcement: danny green, shooting guard for the san antonio spurs, wi... announcement: danny green, shooting guard for the san antonio spurs, wi... announcement: danny green, shooting guard for the san antonio spurs, wi... it's clear now that dean smith retired too early looking for a unc blogger (fb/bb) unc board of governors bans gender-neutral housing on campuses unc board of governors bans gender-neutral housing on campuses dean smith awarded presidential medal of freedom dean smith awarded presidential medal of freedom dean smith awarded presidential medal of freedom dean smith awarded presidential medal of freedom pj hairston has been suspended indefinitely by coach williams. pj hairston has been suspended indefinitely by coach williams. pj hairston has been suspended indefinitely by coach williams. i wrote a book about internet entrepreneurship (like how i cofounded re... i wrote a book about internet entrepreneurship (like how i cofounded re... hairston cited for reckless driving. harriston suspended indefinitely... what's the vibe with greek life? what's the vibe with greek life? charges dropped against pj hairston charges dropped against pj hairston charges dropped against pj hairston charges dropped against pj hairston the daily tar heel  the daily tar heel  giovanni bernard &amp; bengals to be on hard knocks giovanni bernard &amp; bengals to be on hard knocks dumb but honest question being a steelers fan it's going to be tough to pull for gio, but it seem... incoming tarheel from out-of-state! need some advice! more incoming tarheels - this time from the uk! incoming tarheel from australia. advice needed! incoming tarheel from australia. advice needed! so... the back driveway of town house apartments finally ate it (album) so... the back driveway of town house apartments finally ate it (album) reggie bullock selected no. 25 by los angeles clippers in nba draft reggie bullock selected no. 25 by los angeles clippers in nba draft reggie bullock selected no. 25 by los angeles clippers in nba draft wtf? - university offers to make up for fraudulent classes unc: #1 at producing nba pros unc: #1 at producing nba pros unc: #1 at producing nba pros unc: #1 at producing nba pros jermaine marshall -- psu transfer. eligible immediately, unc interested ... grad school housing "this is not a question. carolina til i die" - j cole "this is not a question. carolina til i die" - j cole "this is not a question. carolina til i die" - j cole "this is not a question. carolina til i die" - j cole "this is not a question. carolina til i die" - j cole "this is not a question. carolina til i die" - j cole it always has been and always will be. it always has been and always will be. it always has been and always will be. it always has been and always will be. dexter strickland at the pit, talking pro prospects when state taunts unc... (xpost from r/funny) when state taunts unc... (xpost from r/funny) when state taunts unc... (xpost from r/funny) when state taunts unc... (xpost from r/funny) when state taunts unc... (xpost from r/funny) dg breaks nba finals three-pointer record dg breaks nba finals three-pointer record dg breaks nba finals three-pointer record dg breaks nba finals three-pointer record nice story on unc's driver at the college world series unc women's athletics win the 2013 capital one cup unc women's athletics win the 2013 capital one cup unc women's athletics win the 2013 capital one cup unc women's athletics win the 2013 capital one cup and the real carolina makes its way to omaha. and the real carolina makes its way to omaha. and the real carolina makes its way to omaha. and the real carolina makes its way to omaha. and the real carolina makes its way to omaha. and the real carolina makes its way to omaha. north: the better of the carolina's. north: the better of the carolina's. north: the better of the carolina's. north: the better of the carolina's. north: the better of the carolina's. north: the better of the carolina's. june 15th global reddit meetup report: north carolina's p.j. hairston arrested for possession of pot a... report: north carolina's p.j. hairston arrested for possession of pot a... in case anyone is interested, i will be giving a science cafe presentati... unc baseball comes back to beat fau in extras unc baseball comes back to beat fau in extras unc baseball comes back to beat fau in extras here's the liquor license for the dean dome. here's the liquor license for the dean dome. here's the liquor license for the dean dome. unc beats maryland in 3ot to win women's lacrosse national title unc beats maryland in 3ot to win women's lacrosse national title unc beats maryland in 3ot to win women's lacrosse national title unc beats maryland in 3ot to win women's lacrosse national title unc beats maryland in 3ot to win women's lacrosse national title heels set a school and acc tournament record for the longest game ever ... heels set a school and acc tournament record for the longest game ever ... heels set a school and acc tournament record for the longest game ever ... theo pinson (sg/sf 2014) commits to unc theo pinson (sg/sf 2014) commits to unc theo pinson (sg/sf 2014) commits to unc harrison barnes doing work in the playoffs! harrison barnes doing work in the playoffs! harrison barnes doing work in the playoffs! wiggins commits to kansas there's a heels fan killing it on a gameshow there's a heels fan killing it on a gameshow my favorite former-unc player, danny green (unc '09) making the 3-point... my favorite former-unc player, danny green (unc '09) making the 3-point... my favorite former-unc player, danny green (unc '09) making the 3-point... til ken jeong (the hangover, community) earned his md at unc til ken jeong (the hangover, community) earned his md at unc til ken jeong (the hangover, community) earned his md at unc kendall marshall goes shopping for a new hat... kendall marshall goes shopping for a new hat... kendall marshall goes shopping for a new hat... unc basketball shoes - every sneaker worn in 2012-2013 no. 1 ranked unc gets #5 seed in men's lacrosse tournament no. 1 ranked unc gets #5 seed in men's lacrosse tournament a former p2p driver wrote a pretty interesting book.. harrison barnes poster dunks from his rookie season! harrison barnes poster dunks from his rookie season! help a tar heel out - support the anthony family of west, texas help a tar heel out - support the anthony family of west, texas five heels picked in 2013 nfl draft five heels picked in 2013 nfl draft five heels picked in 2013 nfl draft giovani bernard drafted to bengals giovani bernard drafted to bengals giovani bernard drafted to bengals definitely a top ten play from barnes definitely a top ten play from barnes whoopin the d00kies in whatever we play! whoopin the d00kies in whatever we play! rasheed wallace retires from nba rasheed wallace retires from nba mcadoo to return to unc for 2013-14 mcadoo to return to unc for 2013-14 mcadoo to return to unc for 2013-14 mcadoo to return to unc for 2013-14 mcadoo to return to unc for 2013-14 reggie bullock skipping final year reggie bullock reportedly going pro, skipping senior year (ic) reggie bullock reportedly going pro, skipping senior year (ic) 2013 football uniform unveiling and reaction 2013 football uniform unveiling and reaction hairston to officially return next season hairston to officially return next season hairston to officially return next season hairston to officially return next season hairston to officially return next season miss these guys already. hopefully we will get one more year of reggie. john henson comes off the bench for 25 rebounds and 7 blocks, holy cow! john henson comes off the bench for 25 rebounds and 7 blocks, holy cow! john henson comes off the bench for 25 rebounds and 7 blocks, holy cow! john henson comes off the bench for 25 rebounds and 7 blocks, holy cow! john henson comes off the bench for 25 rebounds and 7 blocks, holy cow! p.j. hairston reportedly turning down nba draft, will return to unc p.j. hairston reportedly turning down nba draft, will return to unc p.j. hairston reportedly turning down nba draft, will return to unc p.j. hairston reportedly turning down nba draft, will return to unc p.j. hairston reportedly turning down nba draft, will return to unc p.j. hairston reportedly turning down nba draft, will return to unc williams: no one's definitely leaving early - north carolina basketball ... fireworks on campus? matt melvin, one of the cyanide &amp; happiness writers, is on campus t... matt melvin, one of the cyanide &amp; happiness writers, is on campus t... matt melvin, one of the cyanide &amp; happiness writers, is on campus t... so... now what? senior mixtape for potential tar heel, andrew wiggins (huntington prep) north carolina, nba rookies bound together by college connection north carolina, nba rookies bound together by college connection north carolina, nba rookies bound together by college connection so mcadoo... staying or leaving? so mcadoo... staying or leaving? lucas: can't stop go heels!!! go heels!!! go heels!!! can we/will we beat kansas to make the sweet 16? tar heels keys to victory against villanova tar heels keys to victory against villanova made this last year - unc forever! made this last year - unc forever! made this last year - unc forever! if you could have one player back from last years team, who would it be ... join the /r/tarheels group for reddit's /r/collegebasketball bracket ch... join the /r/tarheels group for reddit's /r/collegebasketball bracket ch... unc is an 8 seed? unc is an 8 seed? r/collegebasketball bracket challenge unc falls to miami in acc championship, 87-77.  unc knocks off maryland to advance to the acc championship unc knocks off maryland to advance to the acc championship unc knocks off maryland to advance to the acc championship unc knocks off maryland to advance to the acc championship acc fouls data: why duke and unc thrive i heart maryland! i heart maryland! stuck in the er with a friend, any kind soul willing to share a watchesp... unc basketball harlem shake unc basketball harlem shake unc basketball harlem shake unc basketball harlem shake unc basketball harlem shake bullock, mcadoo make 2nd team all acc. top 10 reasons wiggins should choose unc anyone know where to get a "coach k drinks wine coolers" t-shirt or any ... unc bench chairs unc jv manager is a tar heel hero. unc jv manager is a tar heel hero. unc's mcadoo managing a bulging disk, will play vs dook unc's mcadoo managing a bulging disk, will play vs dook the story of a disgraced unc physics professor in prison in argentina be... a deconstruction: i'm in the band and root for duke carolina freshman writes article for duke chronicle: "i'm in the unc ban... better late than never... better late than never... justin jackson commits to unc justin jackson commits to unc justin jackson commits to unc pepper's pizza to close tonight! (x-post from /r/chapelhill) pepper's pizza to close tonight! (x-post from /r/chapelhill) senior looking to trade phase 3 for phase 1 for duke game senior that forgot to sign up for the lottery, looking for generosity game stream vs. seminoles? the many faces of coach k the many faces of coach k the many faces of coach k helmets for the thursday night blackout game vs. miami. helmets for the thursday night blackout game vs. miami. helmets for the thursday night blackout game vs. miami. duke to start using softer two-ply toilet paper (they actually printed ... duke to start using softer two-ply toilet paper (they actually printed ... how does the cs program compare to others in the area in terms of hiring? can someone shed some light about the recent sexual assault scandal? former duke player brian zoubek closes cream puff shop paige - "this is going to be a different game." paige - "this is going to be a different game." unc beats nc state at home! we needed that. unc beats nc state at home! we needed that. unc beats nc state at home! we needed that. unc beats nc state at home! we needed that. unc's matchup with state presents one of the most interesting one-on-one... what are your thoughts/predictions for this saturday's game against nc s... as a heels fan, hairston's tweet is kind of disturbing. especially with ... heels wreck georgia tech: unc 70 - gt 58 heels wreck georgia tech: unc 70 - gt 58 this can not happen.   this can not happen.   michael jordan grew up quickly at unc michael jordan grew up quickly at unc p.j. scores career-high 29: unc 93 - uva 81 p.j. scores career-high 29: unc 93 - uva 81 p.j. scores career-high 29: unc 93 - uva 81 highlight of the unc-uva game: tyler zeller's jersey is retired a perfect example of why we hate dook - coach k and mccallie have harsh ... harlem shake: unc edition (xpost from r/videos) harlem shake: unc edition (xpost from r/videos) words of wisdom from a duke fan words of wisdom from a duke fan words of wisdom from a duke fan what happened to this guy? andrew wiggins - future tar heel? (making the case for remaining schools... there's currently a white house petition to label the cameron crazies a... there's currently a white house petition to label the cameron crazies a... james michael mcadoo reverse dunk on duke james michael mcadoo reverse dunk on duke james michael mcadoo reverse dunk on duke the dook mascot head went missing today. looks like they found it ... g... the dook mascot head went missing today. looks like they found it ... g... the dook mascot head went missing today. looks like they found it ... g... the dook mascot head went missing today. looks like they found it ... g... the dook mascot head went missing today. looks like they found it ... g... the dook mascot head went missing today. looks like they found it ... g... mcadoo // hairston + bullock duke mascot head stolen, placed above unc campus store classic: jordan drops 32 on dook... go heels 2nite classic: jordan drops 32 on dook... go heels 2nite joel james out for duke game a plea to roy williams - (bleacherreport.com) a plea to roy williams - (bleacherreport.com) a plea to roy williams - (bleacherreport.com) new tarheel incoming- housing advice? unc vs air force men's lacrosse - photo gallery congrats to sylvia hatchell for win no. 900! congrats to sylvia hatchell for win no. 900! congrats to sylvia hatchell for win no. 900! not sure if good idea... or... not sure if good idea... or... heels blow out deacs: unc 87 - wfu 62 heels blow out deacs: unc 87 - wfu 62 heels blow out deacs: unc 87 - wfu 62 paige powers heels past hokies: unc 72 - vt 60 (ot) paige powers heels past hokies: unc 72 - vt 60 (ot) number 53? maybe my favorite class ever. maybe my favorite class ever. hairston's mom - "don't go to chapel hill and mess up my team" hairston's mom - "don't go to chapel hill and mess up my team" hairston's mom - "don't go to chapel hill and mess up my team" hairston injury - unc vs. bc game pj hairston taken off the court on a stretcher with an apparent head inj... duke fan butthurt after getting heckled at um game while in student sec... duke fan butthurt after getting heckled at um game while in student sec... dexter strickland [fb] make me feel better about this... to the kind girl and p2p driver that found my phone classes canceled starting at noon! classes canceled starting at noon! how 'bout them canes! how 'bout them canes! how 'bout them canes! bullock's 17 drives heels past jackets: unc 79 - gt 63 bullock's 17 drives heels past jackets: unc 79 - gt 63 joel berry commits to unc joel berry commits to unc joel berry commits to unc joel berry commits to unc top point guard (joel berry) commits to unc for 2014 top point guard (joel berry) commits to unc for 2014 tar heels trample terrapins. (alliteration! woo!) tar heels trample terrapins. (alliteration! woo!) tar heels trample terrapins. (alliteration! woo!) my friend grabbed this amazing shot from the unc vs. fsu game and felt ... my friend grabbed this amazing shot from the unc vs. fsu game and felt ... my friend grabbed this amazing shot from the unc vs. fsu game and felt ... my friend grabbed this amazing shot from the unc vs. fsu game and felt ... my friend grabbed this amazing shot from the unc vs. fsu game and felt ... my friend grabbed this amazing shot from the unc vs. fsu game and felt ... today was a good day. today was a good day. today was a good day. today was a good day. today was a good day. today was a good day. heels survive 'noles for acc win: unc 77 - fsu 72 heels survive 'noles for acc win: unc 77 - fsu 72 mcadoo ... wtf is that dude's problem? grantland: sheed and stack in the big apple grantland: sheed and stack in the big apple my favorite thing in my room. the daily tar heel from march 30, 1982. d... my favorite thing in my room. the daily tar heel from march 30, 1982. d... my favorite thing in my room. the daily tar heel from march 30, 1982. d... my favorite thing in my room. the daily tar heel from march 30, 1982. d... p.j. hairston scores 15 points, north carolina remains undefeated at ho... p.j. hairston scores 15 points, north carolina remains undefeated at ho... p.j. hairston scores 15 points, north carolina remains undefeated at ho... gio to go pro, projected to be top rb gio to go pro, projected to be top rb raymond felton loves new york unc tied w/ duke/ucla with six all-time march madness greats. we had the... heels hold bucs to 12 first-half points: unc 78 - etsu 55 guess who i ran into in houston, scouting... guess who i ran into in houston, scouting... guess who i ran into in houston, scouting... robertson scholarship fedora getting talked to by tennessee...not likely to leave, but interes... unc has 39 team nat'l championships as a school, 21 of those are from w... unc has 39 team nat'l championships as a school, 21 of those are from w... unc has 39 team nat'l championships as a school, 21 of those are from w... heels claim their 21st ncaa women's soccer championship. heels claim their 21st ncaa women's soccer championship. heels claim their 21st ncaa women's soccer championship. heels claim their 21st ncaa women's soccer championship. jp tokoto hits backwards half court shot before uab game jp tokoto hits backwards half court shot before uab game wtb 2 or 3 tickets for the dec 8 game against east tennessee state adam lucas: history repeats itself this is the room i watched unc lose in... heels looking good tonight! glad to see stores know how to correctly top christmas trees! glad to see stores know how to correctly top christmas trees! glad to see stores know how to correctly top christmas trees! 2012 all-acc rosters announced: gio makes 1st team twice 2012 all-acc rosters announced: gio makes 1st team twice hairston uncertain for indiana game due to knee injury in practice harrison barnes: doing work in the nba harrison barnes: doing work in the nba harrison barnes: doing work in the nba harrison barnes: doing work in the nba i am a student @ unc-chapel hill and am painting up for the basketball g... bryn renner tosses school-record 5 tds: unc 45 - md 38 bryn renner tosses school-record 5 tds: unc 45 - md 38 acc allegedly on the brink of collapse heels dismantle hawaiian hosts: unc 112 - cham 70 maui rally comes up short: but 82 - unc 71 butler game thread (maui invitational semi-finals) james michael mcadoo has been stepping up... james michael mcadoo has been stepping up... heels make 15 three-pointers, steamroll bulldogs: unc 95 - msst 49 heels make 15 three-pointers, steamroll bulldogs: unc 95 - msst 49 i found this map about sport popularity on r/mapporn. notice north carol... joel james' brother, an iraq vet, is trying to build #0's fan base.  (fa... i'm a fan of these helmets...what do you think?  was it worth the price... i'm a fan of these helmets...what do you think?  was it worth the price... thoughts on the basketball team this year? mcadoo scores 18, paige 15: unc 78 - lbsu 63 mcadoo scores 18, paige 15: unc 78 - lbsu 63 does anyone know if and when ea plans to release our uniform update for ... for current unc students: having trouble with registration? can't get in... renner throws 3 tds, tops wahoos: unc 37 - uva 13 renner throws 3 tds, tops wahoos: unc 37 - uva 13 all unc fans now hate john calipari a little less.  all unc fans now hate john calipari a little less.  all unc fans now hate john calipari a little less.  casey barth ruled out for season with basketball season here, this is now my desktop background... with basketball season here, this is now my desktop background... with basketball season here, this is now my desktop background... heels roll in maui opener: unc 80 - fau 56 in response to "that game was pretty much a basketball score... wait a ... in response to "that game was pretty much a basketball score... wait a ... after last night's game, it really set in how much i miss these guys! after last night's game, it really set in how much i miss these guys! after last night's game, it really set in how much i miss these guys! that game was pretty much a basketball score... wait a minute......... that game was pretty much a basketball score... wait a minute......... tarheels' dream paintjob tarheels' dream paintjob gardner-webb game thread reddit, if you're a fan of tar heel football you need to be at "the best... '06 or '10: which way will tar heels go? - espn basketball season 5 days away! basketball season 5 days away! hi r/tarheels, greetings from a kentucky fan! i'll be in the chapel hill... what do i need to know about going to a unc basketball game? what do i need to know about going to a unc basketball game? gio made the "heisman watch" list gio made the "heisman watch" list gio made the "heisman watch" list giovani bernard's postgame comments on the return giovani bernard's postgame comments on the return giovani bernard is a god. giovani bernard is a god. giovani bernard is a god. giovani bernard is a god. giovani bernard is a god. giovanni bernard for heisman!! (i wish...) giovanni bernard for heisman!! (i wish...) giovanni bernard for heisman!! (i wish...) giovanni bernard for heisman!! (i wish...) unc's gio bernard unreal game-winning punt return for td [video] unc's gio bernard unreal game-winning punt return for td [video] unc's gio bernard unreal game-winning punt return for td [video] such a beautiful scoreboard such a beautiful scoreboard tonight, we rage. see you on franklin street! tonight, we rage. see you on franklin street! is it just me... is it just me... bernard lifts unc past nc state 43-35 i'm digging the new chrome looking helmet  i'm digging the new chrome looking helmet  help me find a bar... because i will never tire of watching this: quick survey on your experiences with ms office vs. open source equivale... erik highsmith allegedly plagiarized a blog post about pultry written b... erik highsmith allegedly plagiarized a blog post about pultry written b... why is shakeel rashad suspended for 1 game? how i feel about last nights game how i feel about last nights game duke defeats unc 33-30 with last minute td whenever i get approached by greenpeace, aclu, save the children, etc. ... whenever i get approached by greenpeace, aclu, save the children, etc. ... whenever i get approached by greenpeace, aclu, save the children, etc. ... whenever i get approached by greenpeace, aclu, save the children, etc. ... whenever i get approached by greenpeace, aclu, save the children, etc. ... 2012/13 preseason ncaa top 25: #9 north carolina tar heels.  key returni... dropbox spacerace! 3gb for verification of student email (not a referral... minnesota cancels home-and-home football series with unc unc hands miami its first acc loss, 18-14. gio bernard rushes for 177 y... unc hands miami its first acc loss, 18-14. gio bernard rushes for 177 y... unc hands miami its first acc loss, 18-14. gio bernard rushes for 177 y... unc hands miami its first acc loss, 18-14. gio bernard rushes for 177 y... if you're watching the game live, check out the game thread on r/cfb! miami herald article on how big saturday's game is for gio (must read) miami herald article on how big saturday's game is for gio (must read) tar heels beat virginia tech soundly 48-34 led by gio bernard's 262 yards. tar heels beat virginia tech soundly 48-34 led by gio bernard's 262 yards. tar heels beat virginia tech soundly 48-34 led by gio bernard's 262 yards. video: north carolina ends longest active ncaa streak video: north carolina ends longest active ncaa streak this is fun. this is fun. the awesome midfield logo from today's football game the awesome midfield logo from today's football game heels score record 66 points in a shutout of idaho vandals heels score record 66 points in a shutout of idaho vandals heels score record 66 points in a shutout of idaho vandals roy williams kidney tumor is benign roy williams kidney tumor is benign roy williams kidney tumor is benign roy williams kidney tumor is benign heels sink pirates: unc 27 - ecu 6 heels sink pirates: unc 27 - ecu 6 unc's roy williams in surgery for tumor unc's roy williams in surgery for tumor official - chancellor holden thorp resigns after latest athletic and aca... sources: thorp to step down as chancellor sources: thorp to step down as chancellor win or lose win or lose hey r/tarheels, i need some advice on tailgating. hey r/tarheels, i need some advice on tailgating. question about men's basketball tickets. notre dame sports, except football and hockey, to acc - espn notre dame sports, except football and hockey, to acc - espn sources: notre dame to acc anybody else getting sick of these "injured" deacons? cbs sports: would the ncaa really strip duke of the 2010 national title? cbs sports: would the ncaa really strip duke of the 2010 national title? i work for nc state, my boss gave us new ncsu shirts and made us take a... i work for nc state, my boss gave us new ncsu shirts and made us take a... i work for nc state, my boss gave us new ncsu shirts and made us take a... i work for nc state, my boss gave us new ncsu shirts and made us take a... i work for nc state, my boss gave us new ncsu shirts and made us take a... how you know you've found the right one how you know you've found the right one how you know you've found the right one how you know you've found the right one fedora era begins with a bang: unc 62 - elon 0 fedora era begins with a bang: unc 62 - elon 0 fedora era begins with a bang: unc 62 - elon 0 giovanni bernard went off in the first half! giovanni bernard went off in the first half! happy first day of football season. go heels go america! ncaa says rules not violated in unc scandal - espn ncaa says rules not violated in unc scandal - espn more aerial pics of campus! more aerial pics of campus! more aerial pics of campus! pics from inside the bell tower unc campus as seen from a tiny two-seater plane unc campus as seen from a tiny two-seater plane unc campus as seen from a tiny two-seater plane unc campus as seen from a tiny two-seater plane unc campus as seen from a tiny two-seater plane unc campus as seen from a tiny two-seater plane unc campus as seen from a tiny two-seater plane unc campus as seen from a tiny two-seater plane the daily tar heel  i'm really nervous about applying to carolina. john henson ditches basketball and signs with the packers john henson ditches basketball and signs with the packers itap of the proposal at the may 13,2012 graduation (just found them) pepper's response to release of his transcripts. pepper's response to release of his transcripts. nc state's "packpride" message board.  obsess much? nc state's "packpride" message board.  obsess much? nc state's "packpride" message board.  obsess much? shock jock journalist gregg doyel calls tyler hansbrough "special needs" early thoughts on our upcoming football season? former unc soccer player kirk urso, who won the ncaa title with us this... former unc soccer player kirk urso, who won the ncaa title with us this... former unc soccer player kirk urso, who won the ncaa title with us this... former unc soccer player kirk urso, who won the ncaa title with us this... mudblood quidditch at unc joel james has lost 50 pounds in the past 18 months to get ready to pla... joel james has lost 50 pounds in the past 18 months to get ready to pla... joel james has lost 50 pounds in the past 18 months to get ready to pla... anyone here in the political science phd program? hakeem nicks' unc records get asterisk j.p. tokoto at the greater nc proam [video] cool gened courses? kendall starting? anyone here currently or previously lived in ashford lake apartments in ... only a dookie would think to pour bud light into a cup. only a dookie would think to pour bud light into a cup. only a dookie would think to pour bud light into a cup. only a dookie would think to pour bud light into a cup. gf is starting at unc for grad school.  what resources can i take advant... camo jersey's unc gets more "green room" invites to nba draft than ky do you know anyone interested in renting a 3 bedroom 2 bath house in a q... away games and ram's club tar heels excel in apr numbers unc's tentative conference slate released - north carolina basketball bl... new rule gives unc some practice time - north carolina basketball blog -... what is the most important thing to know about carolina that i will not... what is the most important thing to know about carolina that i will not... what is the most important thing to know about carolina that i will not... college football preview: north carolina tar heels tar heels top new espn recruiting rankings - north carolina basketball ... tar heels top new espn recruiting rankings - north carolina basketball ... gumby's pizza closes gumby's pizza closes stay classy, duke.  ranking the nation's top 10 college basketball coaching jobs - espn ranking the nation's top 10 college basketball coaching jobs - espn ranking the nation's top 10 college basketball coaching jobs - espn google's search results for harrison barnes google's search results for harrison barnes google's search results for harrison barnes google's search results for harrison barnes google's search results for harrison barnes mls/graduate school questions for unc st. john's ends unc's baseball season in regionals even as a die-hard heels fan, good to see wf on this list heels to host ncaa baseball regional heels to host ncaa baseball regional carolina uber alles! carolina uber alles! amendment one let down amendment one let down hubert davis named new assistant basketball coach hubert davis named new assistant basketball coach hubert davis named new assistant basketball coach how i feel about genetics exam tomorrow.. i was watching how i met your mother... i was watching how i met your mother... i was watching how i met your mother... i was watching how i met your mother... i was watching how i met your mother... i was watching how i met your mother... i was watching how i met your mother... i was watching how i met your mother... i was watching how i met your mother... residential hall personalities? residential hall personalities? congrats, quinton!  larry fedora on n.c. state: i don't want to legitimize their program getting pumped for football season  colbert trolled unc by tweeting about campus. an unsuccessful manhunt en... bad month for duke (from r/collegebasketball) bad month for duke (from r/collegebasketball) bad month for duke (from r/collegebasketball) if you bleed blue you'll appreciate this.  now available in itunes. if you bleed blue you'll appreciate this.  now available in itunes. the daily tar heel  the daily tar heel  anyone in/know anyone in cmpl120? i'm a graduating senior about to fail ... hansbrough with nba block of the night hansbrough with nba block of the night unc athletics jump around 2012 took me a while to make, but i hope you guys enjoy! (feedback appreciated) took me a while to make, but i hope you guys enjoy! (feedback appreciated) took me a while to make, but i hope you guys enjoy! (feedback appreciated) does anyone have a better quality version of this picture? (1993 champi... does anyone have a better quality version of this picture? (1993 champi... unc spring game oriakhi to mizzou? anybody know where i can download full length games from this years ncaa... tar..... unc basketball pick-up game 8-year-old mvp unc basketball pick-up game 8-year-old mvp unc basketball pick-up game 8-year-old mvp carolina hoops tree of life (video) carolina hoops tree of life (video) wlax finishes season with perfect 5-0 record: highlights from game vs. #... details for unc football spring game april 14th speaking of players i wish stuck around longer...brandan wright - espn t... mcadoo returning: it's official! mcadoo returning: it's official! mcadoo returning: it's official! mcadoo returning: it's official! marcus paige stress fracture in foot mcadoo / oriakhi mcadoo / oriakhi tar heels play the tokyo dome obama throws shout-out to unc during half-time. obama throws shout-out to unc during half-time. no9to5 unc basketball anthem
      - youtube jp tokoto unc recruit in high school dunk contest today @ 4:30pm on cbs redditors night is tonight! unc recruit j.p. tokoto already hates duke  unc recruit j.p. tokoto already hates duke  carolina's 2012 recruiting class carolina's 2012 recruiting class marshall wins cousy award for best pg marshall wins cousy award for best pg marshall wins cousy award for best pg marshall wins cousy award for best pg it's official: barnes, henson, marshall all going pro it's official: barnes, henson, marshall all going pro and today's lesson is: (xpost from r/collegebasketball) if you're not excited about carolina baseball this season, you're not pa... the eulogies for harrison barnes: despite how everyone wants to beat up ... chuck nailed it- why caliperi and the one-and-done are bad for college b... barnes, marshall and henson all going pro redditors night saturday march 31st, downtown raleigh! would any tar heels be interested in an entrepreneurship meetup? post game interview even if just for a time, we got to believe. go heels. even if just for a time, we got to believe. go heels. this about sums it up. pretty happy to be a tar heel. =) this about sums it up. pretty happy to be a tar heel. =) this about sums it up. pretty happy to be a tar heel. =) where can i download the tournament games? tar heels baby! exciting season comes to an end. tar! elite eight!: unc 73 - ohio 65 (ot) elite eight!: unc 73 - ohio 65 (ot) unc diving coach retiring to join the peace corps unc diving coach retiring to join the peace corps it's been awful quite here as of late, so here's a little something to c... unc pre-ohio warmup dunkfest - stilman white slams it multiple times! eve carson's photo is being used (illegally) on ads in india give him some credit; he's keeping his humor about this. give him some credit; he's keeping his humor about this. if marshall's wrist keeps him out, this is how i feel. if marshall's wrist keeps him out, this is how i feel. lucas: a father knows lucas: a father knows zeller getting intentionally fouled by creighton, no call zeller getting intentionally fouled by creighton, no call kendall marshall to undergo surgery on monday kendall marshall to undergo surgery on monday in case you want to vomit. marshall breaks right wrist in game against creighton creighton's coach, before the game- you know what they say about missouri? you know what they say about missouri? comcast tv guide is broken, can anyone tell me what time the duke game ... comcast tv guide is broken, can anyone tell me what time the duke game ... comcast tv guide is broken, can anyone tell me what time the duke game ... comcast tv guide is broken, can anyone tell me what time the duke game ... imitation is the highest form of flattery imitation is the highest form of flattery marshall fractures wrist in win over creighton henson's wrist lets go lehigh lets go lehigh lets go lehigh upset!!!!! upset!!!!! so what was le high point of your friday? so what was le high point of your friday? after the dook loss john henson won't play vs. vermont ncaa tournament 2012 -- president barack obama picks north carolina to ... ncaa tournament 2012 -- president barack obama picks north carolina to ... ncaa tournament 2012 -- president barack obama picks north carolina to ... ncaa tournament 2012 -- president barack obama picks north carolina to ... marshall first team all-american (cbs sports).  henson and zeller third ... i'm a state fan but i cant help but admit how awesome this is... i'm a state fan but i cant help but admit how awesome this is... poor matt doherty something i never noticed about scumbag stacy a reminder to join the reddit bracket challenge! a reminder to join the reddit bracket challenge! the reason for kendall marshall's success. i think. the reason for kendall marshall's success. i think. so a 3-point game isn't it?  so a 3-point game isn't it?  worse than laettner: the 18 most hateable duke moments worse than laettner: the 18 most hateable duke moments north carolina ruled ineligible for a bowl next season and must forfeit ... sigh.... i totally shoulda bought this book. unc gets #1 seed in midwest region unc gets #1 seed in midwest region unc gets #1 seed in midwest region duke basketball report defending unc. calls ncsu most destructive fan b... duke basketball report defending unc. calls ncsu most destructive fan b... why are teams allowed to push us around and call it defense? a friend of mine who goes to state blocked me on facebook and ignored m... a friend of mine who goes to state blocked me on facebook and ignored m... heels advance to acc final: unc 69 - ncsu 67 r/tarheels bracket challenge marshall breaks acc assist record: unc 85 - md 69 marshall breaks acc assist record: unc 85 - md 69 r/collegebasketball is doing a bracket challenge r/collegebasketball is doing a bracket challenge i don't know who made this, but it made me laugh this morning. i don't know who made this, but it made me laugh this morning. tyler zeller named acc player of the year tyler zeller named acc player of the year tyler zeller named acc player of the year tyler zeller named acc player of the year music highlight video for unc over dook music highlight video for unc over dook austin rivers travels all the time z to the rafters (fixed) a stat i am glad to see finally improving, henson's ft% z, henson, and barnes make acc 1st team. km misses 1st team by two votes. z, henson, and barnes make acc 1st team. km misses 1st team by two votes. damn it feels good to be a tarheel... damn it feels good to be a tarheel... damn it feels good to be a tarheel... i moved to nyc after graduating from unc in may, so i couldn't jump fire... anyone know where to get a lennie rosenbluth jersey? my favorite shot of the night! my favorite shot of the night! john henson swagging hard john henson swagging hard john henson swagging hard have fun packing up your tents dookies have fun packing up your tents dookies have fun packing up your tents dookies any hi-res photos from the game? "the right group" - adam lucas i need a good pro-tarheels pic to make my duke friend have as a profile ... unc @ duke preview north carolina looking to avenge one point loss to duke give coach k everything give coach k everything marshall wants to be 'legendary' (basketball blog - espn) tarheelblue.com: from there to here - adam lucas unc stomps maryland. all i can say is thank you zeller! a truly great t... unc stomps maryland. all i can say is thank you zeller! a truly great t... unc stomps maryland. all i can say is thank you zeller! a truly great t... for those interested, neil degrasse tyson will be at unc in april for those interested, neil degrasse tyson will be at unc in april for those interested, neil degrasse tyson will be at unc in april happy birthday, dean! dth infographic celebrating dean smith watching/listening to the carolina-duke game in california 2012 football schedule announced brings back memories... zeller scores 20, henson 15, as heels survive: unc 54 - uva 51 zeller named academic all-america of the year zeller named academic all-america of the year zeller named academic all-america of the year i was torn but... after tuesday's game, marshall is 28 assists away from breaking the acc... after tuesday's game, marshall is 28 assists away from breaking the acc... heels take 12th straight vs. state: unc 86 - ncsu 74  heels take 12th straight vs. state: unc 86 - ncsu 74  a thought about records 2012 nfl draft: quinton coples dt north carolina college basketball rankings, 2/20/12 karl hess acc referee heels keep 1926 streak going: unc 74 - clem 52 heels keep 1926 streak going: unc 74 - clem 52 today is one of the few times during the year i root for nc state. just some wolfpack fans doing what they do best heels win 10th straight vs. hurricanes: unc 73 - mia 64 heels win 10th straight vs. hurricanes: unc 73 - mia 64 duke sucks, newly released book written by tar heel students rameses xviii (roy rest his soul) to be stuffed, mounted. rameses xviii (roy rest his soul) to be stuffed, mounted. gottlieb's top 5 teams zeller scores 25, barnes &amp; henson get double-doubles: unc 70 - uva 52 zeller scores 25, barnes &amp; henson get double-doubles: unc 70 - uva 52 slowpoke watched the duke game adam lucas: "about the shot."  tis a dark place. dex's thoughts on the game dex's thoughts on the game dex's thoughts on the game video of plumlee pushing zeller on the own-goal video of plumlee pushing zeller on the own-goal for anyone still upset at zeller for last night's miscues: remember this... *!@$&amp;!@(%*!@)%*!)@$(#!@)$&amp;*(!@*%)!@*($)! *!@$&amp;!@(%*!@)%*!)@$(#!@)$&amp;*(!@*%)!@*($)! *!@$&amp;!@(%*!@)%*!)@$(#!@)$&amp;*(!@*%)!@*($)! *!@$&amp;!@(%*!@)%*!)@$(#!@)$&amp;*(!@*%)!@*($)! tarheelgo, custom homepage for unc that launched this week always a nice letter to read always a nice letter to read doesn't matter that dex is out for the year.  still helping beat dook. doesn't matter that dex is out for the year.  still helping beat dook. custom unc nike dunks from 2008 i think this accurately describes the rivalry... at first i thought this game picture was ruined... it's old, but still my favorite it's old, but still my favorite yea, we have more reddit fans! duke's gameplan twas the night before the duke game...  it's finally that time of the year again..."why i hate duke" it's finally that time of the year again..."why i hate duke" every class has one... my friends found this when they were travelling with the women's team b... my friends found this when they were travelling with the women's team b... my friends found this when they were travelling with the women's team b... it's beat duke week! help unc relay for life beat cancer while we're at it. keep calm... keep calm... keep calm... black falcon story from ic (with pj footnote) black falcon story from ic (with pj footnote) carolina grinds down terps: unc 83 - md 74 carolina grinds down terps: unc 83 - md 74 new white helmets new white helmets doing it right: how early for duke risers? top recruit nerlens noel moves back to class of 2012 - espn  2012 recruits despite sluggish 2nd half, carolina handles wake: unc 68 - wfu 53 despite sluggish 2nd half, carolina handles wake: unc 68 - wfu 53 heels get 31st consecutive home win: unc 93 - gt 81 heels get 31st consecutive home win: unc 93 - gt 81 definition: broken ankles heels take 11th straight vs. state: unc 74 - ncsu 55 heels take 11th straight vs. state: unc 74 - ncsu 55 i'll just leave this here i'll just leave this here i'll just leave this here one of my favorite scoreboard pictures circa 2008 baseball prospectus projects unc as #9, #1 in acc  at least we are not the only ones... fsu snaps dook's 45 game home win ... at least we are not the only ones... fsu snaps dook's 45 game home win ... it's official. dexter strickland is out for the season for torn acl it's official. dexter strickland is out for the season for torn acl unc rides key 19-0 run past virginia tech heels move to #8: too high, too low, or just right? hakeem nicks up to his usual tricks (2 can't miss plays) @fsu - thanks for showing up. psycho t has a new look.  psycho t has a new look.  rematch tonight, awesome late come back last year but lets hope it's eas... giants(24) falcons(2)  hakeem nicks-6 catches 115 yards 2 touchdowns danny green is the only player in acc history with 1,000 points, 500 re... danny green is the only player in acc history with 1,000 points, 500 re... hakeem nicks already with 2 touchdowns beast!!!! check out danny green... scores 24 and leads spurs to a win over the nu... check out danny green... scores 24 and leads spurs to a win over the nu... tj yates helps texans win their first playoff game!  tj yates helps texans win their first playoff game!  heels defeat bc in acc opener: 83-60 heels defeat bc in acc opener: 83-60 walk-ons provide biscuits, inspiration, grins walk-ons provide biscuits, inspiration, grins i thought you fellow unc redditors would like this. i thought you fellow unc redditors would like this. i thought you fellow unc redditors would like this. i thought you fellow unc redditors would like this. just got my new custom guitar strap. hark the sound! just got my new custom guitar strap. hark the sound! for sale: he's not here i love these overall category rankings... good espn insider article about roy over at r/collegebasketball .gif of pj's poster. .gif of pj's poster. strickland's two-handed slam vs. texas 12/21/11 barnes scores 26 as heels handle texas 82-63 barnes scores 26 as heels handle texas 82-63 just a random note, this image makes a great background for phones w/ m... just a random note, this image makes a great background for phones w/ m... heels dominate the glass with 69 rebounds, beat nicholls 99-49 zeller scores 31 as heels top app st. 97-82 zeller scores 31 as heels top app st. 97-82 roy interviewed by ron burgundy roy interviewed by ron burgundy roy interviewed by ron burgundy congrats to tj yates, who came off the bench and gave houston their fir... congrats to tj yates, who came off the bench and gave houston their fir... congrats to tj yates, who came off the bench and gave houston their fir... mizzou fan here. what should i know about tar heels football before the ... unc wins championship! go heels! unc wins championship! go heels! unc wins championship! go heels! unc wins championship! go heels! unc wins championship! go heels! heels hold off long beach st. unc 84 - lbsu 78 heels hold off long beach st. unc 84 - lbsu 78 til that "hark the sound" is one of many alma maters that is based on co... unc advances to championship game. will be on at 3:00 pm sunday! unc advances to championship game. will be on at 3:00 pm sunday! fedora's inauguration speech. he's sucking up to fans and separating him... fedora confirmed as new unc football coach gio bernard selected for cbs sports' 2011 freshman all-american team gio bernard selected for cbs sports' 2011 freshman all-american team well that didn't take long.  i guess these are going to be all the rage ... unc finalizing fedora hire heels handle evansville: unc 97 - evan 48 coach k named si's sportsman of the year.  don't like the pick, but the... coach k named si's sportsman of the year.  don't like the pick, but the... on ky game: a familiar feeling heels advance to semifinal match by shutting out st. mary's in men's soccer antwan jamison is what unc basketball is all about antwan jamison is what unc basketball is all about x rays on hairston's wrist are negative, no break or fracture.  out for ... choosing your own flair has been enabled:  enjoy! so i've heard some dissent surrounding strickland's status as a starter... so i've heard some dissent surrounding strickland's status as a starter... hairston's wrist wrapped; getting xrays tomorrow nate britt, #2 rated pg from class of 2013, commits to unc men's soccer: tar heels in elite eight of ncaa tournament tj yates to start for houston against atlanta on sunday tj yates to start for houston against atlanta on sunday logo/jersey icons players discuss unlv game just a reminder about our previous national championship teams... just a reminder about our previous national championship teams... even in football, beating duke (37-21) is still always sweet even in football, beating duke (37-21) is still always sweet barnes does not like heels to face unlv after downing s. carolina 87-62 plaques, not racks, on plaques on plaques! unc's legacy. bullock scores 23, more biscuits for the fans: unc 102 - tnst 69 bullock scores 23, more biscuits for the fans: unc 102 - tnst 69 the basketball team is eating pretty well...  the basketball team is eating pretty well...  why so many of us love to hate duke..and why it's completely justified ... why so many of us love to hate duke..and why it's completely justified ... biscuits achieved: unc 101 - mvsu 75 biscuits achieved: unc 101 - mvsu 75 biscuits achieved: unc 101 - mvsu 75 not the happiest link, but here's an update on the body found near bolin... jackie and bobby are back! auburn's offensive coordinator gus malzahn is the front runner  heels earn #1 seed in men's ncaa soccer tournament heels earn #1 seed in men's ncaa soccer tournament anyone find it amusing how bad ucla is doing this year? in honor of coach k's potential all-time win achievement tonight, i thi... in honor of coach k's potential all-time win achievement tonight, i thi... in honor of coach k's potential all-time win achievement tonight, i thi... in honor of coach k's potential all-time win achievement tonight, i thi... if you have an iphone 4s: yell "tar" into siri if you have an iphone 4s: yell "tar" into siri heels top unca 91-75 in grand opening of kimmel arena heels top unca 91-75 in grand opening of kimmel arena concerns about lack of true backup point guard if marshall were to go do... carolina 67-mich. st. 55, carrier classic carolina 67-mich. st. 55, carrier classic carolina 67-mich. st. 55, carrier classic some pics of the carrier deck the heels will be playing at tomorrow.  iphone ringtone only 2 more days! harrison barnes makes smart choice to stay at unc - espn the magazine hi tarheels! seeking advice for 4 travelling australians going to a unc ... unc, duke alumni to play in "kings of tobacco road" game i wonder who the nation's top frontcourt is... i wonder who the nation's top frontcourt is... espn interview: barnes the man at unc espn interview: barnes the man at unc barnes named to preseason all-america team barnes named to preseason all-america team unc forces 5 turnovers, rolls through wake 49-24 for a homecoming win unc forces 5 turnovers, rolls through wake 49-24 for a homecoming win unc wins exhibition game vs unc-pembroke 100-58 unc wins exhibition game vs unc-pembroke 100-58 unc-wake football ticket brice johnson chooses unc brice johnson chooses unc the tar heels will wear these specially designed camo uniforms for the 1... any chance that we could get bill cowher? i found this locket/music box with an nc tar heels emblem on it. i can't... "what lockout?" heels on the cover of slam magazine  "what lockout?" heels on the cover of slam magazine  for those who missed it: skits from late night with roy for those who missed it: skits from late night with roy kind of obvious but "tar heels picked as preseason acc favorite" why the north carolina tar heels will win the national championship - g... why the north carolina tar heels will win the national championship - g... despite fourth-quarter rally, heels fall to miami 24-30. late night with roy is streaming on espn3 bubba cunningham hired as new ad bubba cunningham hired as new ad north carolina extends contracts for roy williams, sylvia hatchell throu... scout.com: unc finalizing ad hire preview of the redesigned basketball jerseys preview of the redesigned basketball jerseys pickup soccer carolina 5-1 after 14-7 victory over louisville nonconference basketball schedule analysis: acc til: why carolina is carolina blue til: why carolina is carolina blue renner throws 4 tds/0 ints as unc beats ecu 35-20 renner throws 4 tds/0 ints as unc beats ecu 35-20 tar heels in the mlb: 2010-11 season recap tyler hansbrough has been living in chapel hill all summer.   so last night i'm hanging out with some of my girlfriend's from college ... tar heels preparing for jackets' option attack tyler zeller: scholar athlete extraordinaire roy williams has raised a bucketload of money for cancer research.  stua... rhoda p. osterneck aka "the ram lady" has passed away :( unc will vacate.....fuuuuuuuuuuu unc makes it to the top 25 in the usa today poll, still just outside in ... acc accepts pitt &amp; syracuse for 14-team league carolina rolls over virginia for first acc win of the season carolina rolls over virginia for first acc win of the season hey fellow tarheels i have been placed in an awkward situation and now n... according to unc: henson (6-11), marshall (6-4), mcdonald (6-5), watts (... new kenan stadium premium seating "blue zone" deemed a success unc v rutgers rating unc v rutgers rating bryn "baby brett favre" renner earns ru's attention  sporting news preseason all-americans: barnes 1st team, zeller 2nd tornadogeddon '11 unc to give game ball to butch davis unc to give game ball to butch davis how do you rate the tar heels after that game? how do you rate the tar heels after that game? its considering implementing a fee for students to visit non-education r... unc college republicans given $5000 in student fees to bring ann coulter... a capella group psalm 100 ousts gay member a capella group psalm 100 ousts gay member meet the heels cancelled due to hurricane irene bryn renner is ready to lead unc acc releases 2011-12 schedule sylvester "we can't be the best defensive linemen in the country if we'r... danny green signs with euroleague team union olimpija danny green signs with euroleague team union olimpija anyone watch t.j. yates' nfl debut?  unc picks up commit from isaiah hicks same day as offer late night with roy 2011, to be held on oct. 14. hunter furr, 2nd on depth chart, transferring?  i would've thought he wo... if you are a rising freshman or just haven't heard of it- blinkness is ... if you are a rising freshman or just haven't heard of it- blinkness is ... should we expand this subreddit to include more academic/area news inst... should we expand this subreddit to include more academic/area news inst... what do y'all think about carolina fans who created this website? everett withers named interim football coach at unc unc football we need to talk unc football we need to talk dick baddour steps down as athletic director butch fired.  wtf. butch fired.  wtf. dick vitale preseason top 10 - unc takes top spot - espn leslie mcdonald discusses injury (video) leslie mcdonald out indefinitely with an acl tear former unc defensive end mcadoo suing unc and ncaa for reinstatement and... meet the heels set for aug. 27 leslie mcdonald, dexter strickland, rasheed wallace at nc pro-am (7/8/11) north carolina pro-am pictures (barnes, strickland, mcdonald, henson, ha... colin moran named baseball america freshman of the year unc's former provost going to head-up the fiesta bowl.  jawad williams hopes to hang on with bobcats jawad williams hopes to hang on with bobcats quentin coples cleared quentin coples cleared angell tapped to succeed woody durham heels eliminated from cws by vandy (5-1) heels take down texas 3-0 to stay alive in the cws  heels drop cws opener to vanderbilt, 7-3 dustin ackley to make debut with mariners end of an era for tyler hansbrough... end of an era for tyler hansbrough... unc headed back to omaha! unc headed back to omaha! tyler hansbrough certainly looks...different.  tar heels take super regional opener, 5-2 unc chancellor holden thorp plays 'johnny be good' on a fender strat w/ ... three tar heels taken in second day of the baseball draft levi michael taken by twins heels sweep ncaa regional, beat jmu 9-3 heels get back-to-back shutouts, defeating james madison 14-0 unc wins ncaa opener vs. maine, 4-0 unc baseball to host ncaa regional dean smith and a civil rights legacy hbo's documentary on the carolina-duke rivalry ncaa investigators visit unc again heels will host wisconsin in acc/big 10 challenge more details about the aircraft carrier game. unc tar heels app - university sponsored unc baseball sweeps maryland tyler hansbrough reads "chicken little." tar heels lead the nation with 9 nfl draft picks tar heels lead the nation with 9 nfl draft picks dwight howard in a unc uniform....if only.... will you take me? unc basketball freestyle by k.o. kid alex white to make mlb debut saturday dean smith took on segregation women's tennis captures acc title  snoop dogg poses with unc stars. snoop dogg poses with unc stars. unc women's lacrosse avenges regular season loss to duke to make it to t... tbf: deal with it wall street journal article on player pick-up games sources: 'voice of tar heels' woody durham to retire a new subreddit revolving around the university. please visit and subscr... whatever you're doing for the next 10 minutes can wait. he's back! harrison barnes makes it official. he's back! harrison barnes makes it official. he's back! harrison barnes makes it official. carolina golfers crowned acc champs, beat duke by 24 strokes mcadoo looking good at jordan classic.  desmond hubert, the best remaining center the in the 2011 class, commit... desmond hubert, the best remaining center the in the 2011 class, commit... mixed emotionssssss barnes &amp; zeller share team mvp honors carolina tennis beats #10 duke tower, this is black falcon requesting a flyby another espn insider thinks barnes stays, i hope he makes it official s... another espn insider thinks barnes stays, i hope he makes it official s... if you can't make it to the bosh - and you're into the twitter - i sugge... baseball: #7 unc takes series at #6 fsu, improves to 29-5 (12-3 acc) lawson hit's 10 threes in a row against the timberwolves (xpost from r/... lawson hit's 10 threes in a row against the timberwolves (xpost from r/... amiss o.mega - larry who henson, zeller to return; barnes undecided (wahoo! come on harrison!) henson, zeller to return; barnes undecided (wahoo! come on harrison!) more unc pick up games! today 4:30 at teague court! unc vs fellow students! get your logo/jersey icon here! basketball team scrimmage against students [video]  basketball team scrimmage against students [video]  heels end basketball season ranked 8th in coaches' poll dick vitale picks carolina as #1 preseason pick for next year men's basketball team plays pick-up ball game with students how to shoot free throws like jj redick please be true! another year with the black falcon! please be true! another year with the black falcon! baseball: #6 tar heels sweep #16 clemson football: pro day interviews barnes taken off nba mock draft list barnes taken off nba mock draft list mcadoo is comvp of mcdonald's all american game eric ebron journal entry 7. larry drew ii will transfer to ucla just got a guard for 2011. he is mormon...the new jimmer? p.j. hairston looked good in the mcdonald's all-american 3pt and dunk co... how many of you subscribe to carolinablue.com or inside carolina?  which... just want to say thanks everyone! i guess we can take solace in the fact that... adam lucas: a team like this the tarheel basketball season comes to an end: unc 69 - uk 76.  highlights from marquette game no nervousness/heart attacks this time... heels dominate marquette no nervousness/heart attacks this time... heels dominate marquette this pretty much sums up last night's game. this pretty much sums up last night's game. arizona crushes duke in second half to make it to the elite 8 tar heels take on history against marquette the ncaa tournament is officially over with the elimination of duke.  michael jordan laying smack to harrison barnes for wearing kobe shoes lady tar heels also sweet sixteen bound: defeat kentucky 86-74 nfl great lawrence taylor sentenced in sex case where the "black falcon" comes from... michael jordan: "whew, they made me a little nervous" heels sweet sixteen bound, survive washington 86-83 heels have fun dunking during open practice tar heels prove adept at learning while they go kendall marshall gains confidence nba: tyler hansbrough loves march in unrelated news, sidney lowe resigns from ncsu should mcdonald replace strickland in the starting line up? wtf: duke to forfeit acc championship  ncaa tournament outlook growing pains: loss teaches a young carolina team valuable lessons carolina gets a 2-seed in osu bracket (east) in ncaa tournament carolina beats clemson in overtime to earn their spot in the acc champio... tar heels overcome 19-point deficit to beat miami at the buzzer chat transcript with tarheelblue.com's adam lucas from wednesday larry drew ii's freestyle during his b-day party. the entire dook game in a time-lapse unc the first team in acc history to win conference outright, and get no... tarheels jump to 6th in latest ap poll, projected to get a 2 seed in the... acc champs!!! go heels go america letter from the editor of the daily tar heel to the editor of the duke c... peter rosenberg: this is why duke sucks classic win vs. duke: final 3 minutes of the 2005 game, unc down by 9. duke vs. carolina: accs regular season climax henson's improvement has tar heels smiling harrison barnes tumbler. "i'm an f-18, bro" barnes does it again! jp tokoto- announcing tonight, many are assuming he is unc's to lose. harrison barnes starting to look more like a lottery pick unc's bullock out with season-ending knee injury unc could have won bcs title ....... aksdjgndsfjklgnsdfkljgnsdflbg ahhhh... unc near middle in coach-spending spectrum happy birthday dean smith (former unc coach turns 80 today) adam lucas: this is carolina basketball tarheels tied for top of acc standings by taking down maryland did duke win? students get fewer tickets to unc basketball games if you'd like a unc icon next to your name pm me tarheel classic: phil ford runs 4 corners offense state as a rival jj redick is still awful harrison barnes monster dunk against clemson  north carolina bounces back with close win over clemson why i hate duke: dth article from 1990 i had a pretty decent seat when we stomped florida state north carolina rejoins coaches' poll (21espn/20ap) freshman kendall marshall shines in north carolina's win introducing kendall marshall larry drew ii breaking: larry drew ii quits team, will transfer freshman harrison barnes has 26 to lead unc past bc unc is back in the ap top 25 (1/31/11) breaking news: harrison barnes has a lot of pressure on him after start, unc sticks with kendall marshall unc and michigan st. to play a game on an aircraft carrier next year carolina remains undefeated at home against clemson (55-0) it is time to start kendall marshal.  right? kendall marshal leads the tarheels in assists(4.1) with only 15 minutes ... discussion: can we beat duke this year?  watched the music city bowl with all my high school buds from utk...vict... unc rolls over rutgers 78-55 unc outscores long beach st., 96-91 unc tops evansville 76-49 chapel hill and carrboro might receive google fiber network carolina will play in the music city bowl against tennessee carolina tops ky wildcats in battle of the two winningest basketball pro... carolina wins 7th straight unc-duke football matchup (24-19) unc men's basketball teams loses twice to unranked teams in puerto rico 8th positive rabies case confirmed in chapel hill area football: loss to va tech takes unc out of acc title contention football: unc wins at florida state for the first time ever (37-35) basketball: unc's harrison barnes named preseason all-american by ap which vip arrived at unc this evening (halloween). unc's morrison residence hall wins national energy contest any unc reddit-ers going to dc this weekend? basketball: 6-foot-9 alabama transfer justin knox will be eligible to pl... unc loses their leading receiver. pianalto - out for the season with a b... k.flay to open for passion pit at the unc homecoming concert football: north carolina destroys va 44-10 carolina football players are banned from using twitter anybody want to make a unc-themed reddit alien for the subreddit? unc assistant track coach commits suicide ramshead rathskeller coming back after sitting empty for 3 years basketball: roy williams has dismissed will graves from the basketball team football: little and quinn permanently ineligible. heels silence the norse: (#19) unc 75 - nku 60 today we are all pirates. #thisisourstate larry fedora needs to go. unc basketball authentic jersey omfg, someone is making an rpg about carrboro/chapel hill whattup fellow tarheels? thought some of you might be interested in this... my buddy just released his first music video, check it out worst dook players ever i edit the rafters, just another unc basketball website, this is our lat... feeling bad about butler? read about zoubek's new career!  fedora goes ham on wuffie [slight cartoon gore] julius peppers' unc transcript? mj hits head on backboard college (post- nba) history 142 barnes, henson, marshall gone and chance of championship next yr too.