 looking for a player or two for an actual table dnd 5e/next game. would you feel comfortable with a university policy that allows conceale... current uaa chemistry or art history majors guy who assaulted students claims "he was just dancing." guy who assaulted students claims "he was just dancing." having troubles socializing. anyone else have this issue? alaskan gamers unite! - online gaming community through facebook - www.9... uaa students hijack university's "branding" campaign, and may have done ... labtally for android. real time computer lab information for university ... how to tell your school struggles with the concept of recycling... how to tell your school struggles with the concept of recycling... how to tell your school struggles with the concept of recycling... hello? [found] you. whoever you are. i like you. [found] you. whoever you are. i like you. who is excited for school?! looking to go to uaa. living place alaska hackathon project proposals online: developers needed! can anyone remind me why the hell we go here? last thursdays public presentations -  indieinfotech (anchorage, ak) good to know we have a place for general goods on campus. good to know we have a place for general goods on campus. the cabin fever debates is a debate tournament for those with very littl... hope you're having a great first week back! need information/statistics of college students decline in health due to... alright i've got a quicky for ya: the solar panels seem to be functioning correctly.  the solar panels seem to be functioning correctly.  when all your classes are at psb when all your classes are at psb flash mob anyone? google calendar of uaa fitness center hours, if anyone's interested extra ticket for radical reels! uaa's student paper hi there! thinking about uaa... summer classes? game of humans and zombies next semester? good luck on your finals! don't know if you guys knew about this we need to kick this subreddit up a notch. keep updated on the free food around the university what classes are you guys taking this fall? anyone else having problems with wifi all of a sudden? i should get a restraining or cease contact order. apparently uaa is auditing the programs it offers. i wonder which will g... funny video about the dorms. half these ra's tried to get me in trouble ... does anyone know the codes/how to to program the door keypads at west hall? university police: screw you and your handicap placard, i feel like park...