 i am a student manager at the ellicott food court. ask me anything! library in cooke? i want to talk about an important issue here. cab to depew station looking to volunteer at an animal shelter lost keys is it just me or is somebody always shitting in the bathroom in the thir... best place to get a haircut anyone looking for a roommate in nyc starting in may or june? looking for guitar lessons on/around campus. seeking more information of resigning a course help us empower the west side! flint apartment question anybody selling a laptop? school of social work? selling nintendo 3ds flash cartridge. we should have a monorail around campus instead of shuttles. we should have a monorail around campus instead of shuttles. pianos for playing? half semester courses if anyone is interested in buying a ps vita, i have a brand new one i ju... brace yourselves, the geese are back. brace yourselves, the geese are back. brace yourselves, the geese are back. shipped textbook to old hadley apartment. no longer live there, what to do? graduating this semester? now is the time to get your cap and gown. anyone play clash of clans? anyone going to the regal tomorrow night? waiting list for on-campus apartments? isolated classrooms with chalk / whiteboards? any ents chilling at capen 3rd floor where can i find flowers? "bake'n" sale today! nsc 11-2, we take cash and credit!!! we have choco... "bake'n" sale today! nsc 11-2, we take cash and credit!!! we have choco... want to buy 3ds club nintendo codes if anyone has. what's up with maynard drive bus stop with solid combine, buffalo's khalil mack could become intriguing optio... with solid combine, buffalo's khalil mack could become intriguing optio... psa: if you're just going to go on a public computer to sleep, play gam... psa: if you're just going to go on a public computer to sleep, play gam... best place to get a haircut do any students download the free software from ub? the restaurant formerly known as bk do we have to pay to stay in dorms for spring break? summer classes help setting up chromecast in the dorms affirmation of ub rules and regulations? do you need to be an engineering student to use their computer labs? room available at the villas at sweethome has anyone not received their spring refund yet? most isolated place on campus? most isolated place on campus? flickinger court -- approx. utilities cost? what's with all the indian people on the bus at nights. pokemon xy trading card draft why's it so hard for brown dudes (american) to meet chicks on campus? - ... anyone have a copy of windows? come join ub college democrats! ub athletics envisions $50m in facility upgrades ub athletics envisions $50m in facility upgrades che 107/108 lab help what should i eat for dinner? looking to buy an iphone 5,4s, or 4 secret north campus tunnels secret north campus tunnels commuting between north and south? where to hide a raspberry pi? to whoever did this, your efforts did not go unnoticed. league? yahoo job/internship opportunity for ub students i found a white cracked iphone 4(s?) in todays psy101 class tu/th 330 - ... room for rent - ub south campus lost my flash drive at capen library, was last seen in one of those stan... ub secure problems do you have to waive insurance for each semester individually? you can use reddit without authenticating when connected to ub guest free dental care at south campus free dental care at south campus best undergrad engineering organizations? minitab for stats 119 help holidays? did you ever have to buy a clicker for a class? ub cosplay club wants to help you! first meating of the year(feel free t... ublearns trouble best place to live sophmore year applying for greiner ub cracking down on smokers? phy 107 book looking to buy rate/comment on my professors so whats up with those half floors in between floors in hochester and co... ub alert: man with handgun seen on north campus near hadley apartments.... ub alert: man with handgun seen on north campus near hadley apartments.... free amazon 2 day shipping for 6 months with .edu email looking for a barbershop superbowl party superbowl party anyone else getting really terrible download speeds on campus? mae 316 with wetherhold pgy 412 my room mates keep stealing my milk!? open class but labs are all full? arr arr class? i want to join a club or something. housing options 1/30 - smash bros in the porter locked lounge anyone else having internet problems? selling che101/102 textbook 11th edition. ub graduate school life sell me your macroeconomics text book by blanchard if you could go back in time, would you choose to go to ub again? if you could go back in time, would you choose to go to ub again? saw this in the tunnel to knox. made me giggle! so that kung fu tea... art servers from a windows computer. need a class to graduate on time? ios or android app developer needed - heads up display company anyone have an old turning technologies clicker that i could buy from them? gpa and retaking ub reddit party? ub reddit party? ub reddit party? help me win 250$ by joining the ub reddit community on kumbuya best place to pick up the blue line ps4 live setup? where can i check my application status? i need one political science class to graduate but none have optimal tim... coming in early and wondering if i can get in my dorm? soc 314: sociology of gender hi looking to buy a laptop advanced honors college, worth it? what's the easiest way to find jobs on campus? also are their any jobs t... advice on handling library fines? is it worth it to email the professor? software discount for windows 7 or 8? does someone want a seat in thd103? enrolled in online course, not showing up on ublearns??? ub named 4th snowiest college in us ub named 4th snowiest college in us ps vita on ub gaming wi-fi? how does the implementation of obamacare (the affordable care act) affec... anyone have experience with mfc 118 on-campus residents living with children? buffalo fighting games - fight night tonight! so, why am i not allowed to register for classes? is this schedule too much work for one semester? any league of legends players here? are there going to be any festivities when the semester starts again? follow up post- goodyear proposal video summer internship away from buffalo and getting credit ubcats evaluations goodyear on the front page of reddit (xpost from r/pics) goodyear on the front page of reddit (xpost from r/pics) clark hall basement climbing wall? is it weird to bring a gaming pc to your dorm? looking for stuff to do work out while you shower @ suny ub work out while you shower @ suny ub anyone on campus monday? housing options i could use some advice copyright violation questions regarding admissions to a major i have a few questions for engineering majors. help. need housing asap. cse 341 difficulty? when are grades due to be uploaded? any a cappella fans out there? the sing-off tour goes to ub, march 9 clubs - ballroom dancing? need to sell your text books? where to sell ub edition textbooks? planners approve university place @ lasalle project woodshop classes for beginner? woodshop classes for beginner? engineering advice on where to live for fall 2014 undergraduate research question current students i could use some advice on my grades and grad school how difficult is french 151? monday night boredom monday meet up? traveling from buffalo to niagara how to bring stuff back? fun things to do before winter break? ub football is going bowling! they accepted a bid to play san diego sta... ub football is going bowling! they accepted a bid to play san diego sta... ub football is going bowling! they accepted a bid to play san diego sta... ub football is going bowling! they accepted a bid to play san diego sta... distinguished speakers? obtaining "official" transcripts before you've graduated? first ice rink on ub south, free 100 questions #yay advice for phy 107 ub alum louis campbell buzzer beater in euroleague basketball last night spotting toronto from the health sciences library does anyone know a way to get on a rooftop on campus? finals week no redditting pledge. where are the photocopy machines? ub cable tv when does the ub stampede stop running? i have a judicial hearing regarding having a pet in my dorm. good public places to engage in intercourse? how do i get an exam rescheduled? mechanical engineering student seeking easy 3 credit course need good teachers for electrical engineering refund check sent to wrong address, finally received it. can i still dep... buffalo ranks 4th best "college town" among mid-sized metros buffalo ranks 4th best "college town" among mid-sized metros orgo cheating orgo cheating ub cats -- course evals how can i get to the airport from north campus for cheap? where everyone be gettin dey hair cut? work study jobs what "liberal arts" classes would you suggest my friend take? theater students, calling for theater students. can just imagine the ubpd conference meeting on how to be hip and reach... can just imagine the ubpd conference meeting on how to be hip and reach... can just imagine the ubpd conference meeting on how to be hip and reach... can just imagine the ubpd conference meeting on how to be hip and reach... monster hunter 3, 3ds? has anyone ever lived at sweethome? in case you guys missed the lobster at c3 tonight. math minor recommended courses. porta-potties not much of a solution to drunk students on south campus, ... ub offers graduate seminar on breaking bad next semester ub offers graduate seminar on breaking bad next semester ub offers graduate seminar on breaking bad next semester ub swing dance club's thankswingin' dance on the 22nd! come if you'd lik... possible to take phy 158 instead of 151-152? mic 301 whats a good way to meet people on campus? computer engineering majors, hmu. default color print setting on hsl library? what number to call for help with registering for classes? gaming, streaming, recording should i take a discovery course? ub lol players what are your recommendations for the language requirement? bulls beat ohio! bulls beat ohio! what to expect from political science? finish in 4 anyone going to the lan? what's the difference between mu111 and mu112? who is sasha the cat and why are there a bazillion meaningless flyers on... need some easy/fun gpa boosters.. for those taking eng 201 next semester for those taking eng 201 next semester registering for classes is a mess. freshmen - need teacher recommendations connect a 3ds to ub_gaming. mth121 or mth 141 reddit meetup conclusion: it went ok final oppurtunity selling society in focus 7th ed (soc 101) &amp; parliamo italiano 4th ed what is the best class to take as an elective? ub meetup: final final post- november 2nd easy minor to pick up? weird question but, are there any good private make out spot(s) on ub no... any one know how to fix ping? so i guess we're bowling. ub meet up final post. 1-credit classes? i'd appreciate as many suggestions as possible. villa on rensch room space suny furloughs. need your help. anybody play nhl14 (xbox360) foreign language gen ed anyone have car space in a weekly grocery shop? how can i get back at my roommate? more ub meetup information! anyone take che 251 / che 252 with professor diver? so what channels would i have to go through to petition the school to ch... minecraft what are the top tier frats here (both on campus/off campus)? running to catch the bus good, quiet, hidden places to study in ellicott or on north campus? geese poop... any video game clubs at ub? any video game clubs at ub? ub-psa: newbies of alumni ub-psa: newbies of alumni ub-psa: newbies of alumni who is natalie? looking for people to play nomic with anyone interested in sleeping polyphasically next semester (spring 2014)? any ub redditors up? why is there no book club registered with sa? meetup thread follow-up. meetup thread follow-up. incoming exchange help? maths course guides pls looking for super smash bros. melee players does anyone have hillary clinton speech tickets to spare? gaming lab? connecting to steam anybody else having difficulty connecting to ub secure lately? the meet up thread the meet up thread 3rd floor capen library is a "silent study" area--basement is "group st... 3rd floor capen library is a "silent study" area--basement is "group st... 3rd floor capen library is a "silent study" area--basement is "group st... questions regarding doctor notes from medical services (more details in ... chemistry 201 tutors? help with chem 101? lost my ipod classic on south campus express bus upd police dispatch live stream ub to break ground on new medical school tomorrow come register to vote in the student union! followup on football. how can i get a fallfest ticket this late? bathroom sex (university at buffalo) - some people got caught bathroom sex (university at buffalo) - some people got caught did any of you take phy 101... how did you get a decent grade in it? good bars around campus? open lab with multisim touch football scrimmages? labtally for android. real time computer lab information for ub lara hutson for cell bio, did anyone take her? any undergrad here going to big ten+ expo in purdue u? come discuss politics with ub college democrats! research studies/ quick money for students? how does online physics work? i am selling a psp-go system if anyone's interested. laundry need to find a good time to do it. my ublearns is stuck in german, and i don't know how the hell to get it ... need to find bio200 study group. so tonight is that carnival thing right with the rides and stuff? assumi... can i get math tutoring for free on campus? ub bicycle racks map ub bicycle racks map ub bicycle racks map do people actually use the bike share bikes? the geese i worked as a professional in campus living, amaa! anyone worried about the shutdown affecting pell grants? someone took a shit on the floor in spaulding 4: ra's don't do "shit" to... any ub gta v players? anyone an applied mathematics or mathematics major? health insurance waiver denied what are the consequences of getting "documented?" anyone use "delivery +"? what happened ubreddit you used to be cool. what happened ubreddit you used to be cool. any other "rideitors" here? if so we should have a group ride before the... fifa tournament saturday at 9pm, porter lounge have questions about cs internships? ub acm is holding an intern panel t... why do i feel like shit ? t.t why do i feel like shit ? t.t how is honors college? anybody know what happened last week? ub student found dead in winspear avenue home (ongoing news story) ub student found dead in winspear avenue home (ongoing news story) ub student found dead in winspear avenue home (ongoing news story) economics tutoring fights, drunk fans, and slams: ub bulls vs suny cortland hockey 9.20.13 ... study session in capen today sat 9/21. right meow! please upvote for vi... study session in capen today sat 9/21. right meow! please upvote for vi... red plymouth enh-2575 parked in red jacket lot red plymouth enh-2575 parked in red jacket lot how do i format my address for amazon to ship correctly? statement from former sa president nick johns win free ipads this friday at the late night ub scavengar hunt! ubcon now has a subreddit for questions, suggestions, and announcements. ub rises in world college rankings sa president nick johns resigns people who have resigned a course: how much weight does an 'r' carry on ... asian elders gamble? asian elders gamble? ub football player kicked off team for ridiculous reasons looks like ub sa got robbed. looks like ub sa got robbed. off campus housing advice? on-campus jobs? transfer advice? also, anyone hoping to transfer into ub? we should all ... help finding a workstudy job question about meal plans. i need study buddies/tutors. phy101, che101, and math121. how do i find community service activities around campus? is there any way to expedite receiving my diploma? anyone else get stopped by police today? fall fest line up longboarding culture taking the next step at ub! groundbreaking move! is there a way to know when clubs are meeting? mth 121 and 141 textbook ce 212 study/hw group contacts in organic chem lab strife in sa begins already, as do movements to impeach sa president ni... strife in sa begins already, as do movements to impeach sa president ni... can someone confirm this fall fest lineup? musicians? textbook price comparison tool i created textbook price comparison tool i created athletic director limits spectrum's ability to report bulls football athletic director limits spectrum's ability to report bulls football spare computers at ub to create a cluster computer anyone have the lab manuel for che 101? other people have ubmail powered by google. why do i have the one with t... can guests park in the hadley village parking lot over night? thursday-saturday nights at ellicott food court. thursday-saturday nights at ellicott food court. where to play ping pong on campus? let's try to get reddit co-founder alexis ohanian to come visit ub model european union club looking for some new members! any places to take a nap? keeping busy as a grad student? anything fun to do? collegiate dota 2 league selling an i-clicker trouble connecting your chromecast inside resnet? solution inside. dorming questions any decent smoke shops near ub? how to go about finding ub hookah group? at&amp;t cell reception buffalo football is playing #2 ranked ohio state university today. espn... buffalo football is playing #2 ranked ohio state university today. espn... how can ub help me with finding internships? anyone interested in a campus car show? why does the internet always suck this time of year. anyone have a bio lecture guide they care to donate / sell? study about gamers at ub study about gamers at ub where can i find a whiteboard i can use on north? laptops vs pen/paper in class did you guys go to edgy veggies yet??? did you guys go to edgy veggies yet??? how long does it take blackboard to add a course? i need to find another class, any fun/easy course suggestions? so the inaugural listserv clusterfuck is going well. anyone know what arr for both instructor and time means? new to the school and the sub-reddit. have a question. have a spot for com492 (sexual communication), would rather give it to a... spotify problems any word on fall fest? any word on fall fest? eas 230. unopened textbook. occupational therapy the top post on r/cringe right now is a ub student trying to pick up a ... the top post on r/cringe right now is a ub student trying to pick up a ... the top post on r/cringe right now is a ub student trying to pick up a ... cable any spots to use a stapler/3 hole puncher free or should i just buy one thanks obama thanks obama thanks obama free notebooks natural science complex arr question about buffalo's film program i made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? i made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? i made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? fall internships couple of questions about bio 200 (sorry) where to find a pharmacy? in you haven't heard... in you haven't heard... what are freshmen suppose to do about food til the food plans start? 22nd -26th, what does ub have planned for us freshmens? the hub is an abomination the hub is an abomination phy107/108 supplies questions medical insurance waiver an employee at south campus owns a very cool truck an employee at south campus owns a very cool truck an employee at south campus owns a very cool truck obama tickets for students are going to be given away by lottery. regist... should i bring my bike? anyone got extra bedding? couple of loan questions. kinda panicking president obama visiting university at buffalo next thursday as his fir... president obama visiting university at buffalo next thursday as his fir... president obama visiting university at buffalo next thursday as his fir... federal direct unsub loan research &amp; library skills -- credit for graduation? health insurance crap looking to buy orgo and physics textbooks! computer science students, we need you! if you have any interest in fighting games (x-post from r/buffalo) does anyone on this sub work at ub? sharing printers with roommates? the geese at ub the geese at ub the geese at ub the geese at ub ub reddit meetup discussion thread ub reddit meetup discussion thread ub reddit meetup discussion thread pgy412 2 q's - ub finaid in nelnet? and cs books wtf. when do fall funds get disbursed? official welcome, 1,000 subscribers, and other things mod post! official welcome, 1,000 subscribers, and other things mod post! iprint anywhere documents not showing up at release stations? reel big fish to headline sa small concert reel big fish to headline sa small concert reel big fish to headline sa small concert so i know we can cross register between suny and other schools but what ... student trainers/fitness programs? we no longer attend the university at buffalo? how ub got me for a $40 late fee and how you can avoid it searching for flatmates for north buffalo/tonawanda/kenmore apartment question about bio 200 dc++? do classes have electrical outlets to charge laptops,etc? off campus suggestions incoming freshmen - ive got some questions food trucks on campus: question best way to get to ub by train? opening weekend questions myub personals - i made this a while ago just never advertised it :) uv sweethome schedule review, and some tips, maybe? question about retaking courses any reddit meetups, going on for the upcoming semester? what are some easy a, and fun classes, i could take in the upcoming fall... best way to travel from south campus to north campus? blazing at ub? any interest in buying a bicycle or having an old one repaired? grades and summer classes? schedule review/ tips for an incoming freshman. apartment advice good philosophy classes? should i file a complaint (financial aid) math minors/majors: what are the easiest 300/400 level math courses at ub? handball at ellicott anyone know what was happening at baird point during the fireworks display? jobs on campus? august sublet/month lease (x-post from /r/buffalo) bio majors always nice to get ub in the national spotlight for lawsuits.... descriptive astronomy with kinney? financial aid scared about getting rescinded hillary clinton, david blaine, etc. for 2013-2014 distinguished speaker... hillary clinton, david blaine, etc. for 2013-2014 distinguished speaker... join us in restore the fourth to protest the nsa and their unconstituti... join us in restore the fourth to protest the nsa and their unconstituti... ub researcher finds another use for ping-pong balls other than drinking... ub researcher finds another use for ping-pong balls other than drinking... l.a. visitor says ubcatering services pizza is really good, it tastes a ... any inside word on fall fest? how does an incoming freshman go about getting a double major? ub technology incubator named best for life sciences in the world by swe... anyone have experience with suny buffalo's department of media study? is... ballroom dance in buffalo? lawsuit filed against ub officials for allowing students to block graph... lawsuit filed against ub officials for allowing students to block graph... lawsuit filed against ub officials for allowing students to block graph... graduate acceptance question need a roommate/room for the fall semester cna/emt training? what i think went on today. cross post from /science but they cited a professor from ub cross post from /science but they cited a professor from ub summer concerts, events &amp; festivals of wny; contribute if something ... deans list? looking for a roommate, ub north area, lease until december current ub phd students - looking for summer roommate any idea what either of these things mean that are showing up on my hub? 1 bedroom available in north buffalo moving to ub in august and need a room mate guide to wny's summer food events guide to wny's summer food events how would guys rate the services over at michael hall? 3rd floor capen during finals week 3rd floor capen during finals week 3rd floor capen during finals week 3rd floor capen during finals week man shot, killed near ub south campus off campus residents: what internet provider do you have? arrest following last night's fire arrest following last night's fire fire in spaulding building 1 fire in spaulding building 1 fire in spaulding building 1 fire in spaulding building 1 fire in spaulding building 1 parking on south campus will suny ub rescind my acceptance if... update: ubreddit's buffalo neighborhood guide is live update: ubreddit's buffalo neighborhood guide is live have you ever been a peer mentor for ube 101? thoughts on grade inflation dorming questions upd scanner? minecraft server missing macbook pro charger swat? swat? swat? protestors protestors protestors for those planning on staying in buffalo during the summer - artpark's ... for those planning on staying in buffalo during the summer - artpark's ... studying at a table in nsc with a friend who left momentarily when this... studying at a table in nsc with a friend who left momentarily when this... studying at a table in nsc with a friend who left momentarily when this... come see the ub jazz ensembles at iris tonight, 7-10pm for those you that couldn't make thc jam yesterday, here's what you missed real campus cash? real campus cash? real campus cash? don't have anything to do this wednesday evening? can you buy beer with campus cash at topps? anyone have an old mini fridge they're trying to get rid of/sell/trade? anthropology program? free 4/20 concert this saturday! ubcon? ubcon? well, we must be doing something right: we pissed off fox news! well, we must be doing something right: we pissed off fox news! well, we must be doing something right: we pissed off fox news! well, we must be doing something right: we pissed off fox news! my response to everyone outside the su today... my response to everyone outside the su today... my response to everyone outside the su today... my response to everyone outside the su today... my response to everyone outside the su today... ub chess club? "buffalo police: then and now" the 1970 ub protests. trigger warning for anyone going to the su tomorrow: the pro-lifers wil... trigger warning for anyone going to the su tomorrow: the pro-lifers wil... trigger warning for anyone going to the su tomorrow: the pro-lifers wil... media studies professor getting arrested on campus. media studies professor getting arrested on campus. media studies professor getting arrested on campus. media studies professor getting arrested on campus. has there been any comment from the sa regarding how many students were ... for those wondering what will become of ub south new buffalo music subreddit for local musicians or anyone interested in ... does anyone need a female roommate? ub unveils design for new medical school (x-post from r/buffalo) ub unveils design for new medical school (x-post from r/buffalo) summer sub-lease villas on rensch looking for a housemate. new bike sharing program at ub - locate a bike with gps, rent it, ride ... new bike sharing program at ub - locate a bike with gps, rent it, ride ... chart showing school ranked by academic focus and being "party friendly" chart showing school ranked by academic focus and being "party friendly" chart showing school ranked by academic focus and being "party friendly" goo house at helium comedy club anyone see the spectrum last week? ub business vs baruch found an old looking scribble from one of you in lockwood - i responded... found an old looking scribble from one of you in lockwood - i responded... great idea for those searching for apartments! spread the word! ub_gaming?? apartments for students! german at ub? found one of you in jacobs! found one of you in jacobs! found one of you in jacobs! found one of you in jacobs! i have to take bio 200 and 201 next semester, any good professors? april fool's prank on our roommate. april fool's prank on our roommate. april fool's prank on our roommate. dc++ is coming back! study abroad scholarships? does ub have a debate team? if so how is it? student health insurance plan b at ub is ub a good school? what are your experiences? romance blossoms on the campaign trail romance blossoms on the campaign trail romance blossoms on the campaign trail could do with some help about housing for an international student. does anybody else think it's inappropriate for the spectrum to report ex... looking for an easy political science and psychology course. could also ... what the elections mean to me what the elections mean to me what the elections mean to me something everyone should see something everyone should see something everyone should see we are the spirit party, running for sa executive board and delegate pos... sa elections are happening next week. here are the two main parties runn... are there any grad students looking for a roommate? good 200s level english class?  has anyone found a missing phone in the capen library? monster hunter 3ds players? anyone else taking psy321, psychology of personality? want some study ma... sub-lease your apartment to me buffalo bulls fire men's basketball coach reggie witherspoon any professor/class recommendations for an incoming freshman? anyone ever received generic 300/400 lvl credit for a study abroad program? possible (partial?) springfest lineup possible (partial?) springfest lineup anyone going to see tame impala tomorrow night in toronto? connecting to ub secure with ubuntu girlfriend visiting for the week can anybody tell me a little about study abroad? ub hacking 2013! a 24 hour hackathon at ub! does anybody know why we don't get sny anymore? ub jam club presents: the hillside crowd jam 4/20/13 thoughts on the elimination of the jewish holidays?  i'm curious of what... buffalo has been named the 4th best "college town" amongst mid-sized ci... buffalo has been named the 4th best "college town" amongst mid-sized ci... any 3d modelers looking to make models for a game? bob dylan is coming to alumni arena. bob dylan is coming to alumni arena. bob dylan is coming to alumni arena. has anyone here worked at ub? dear president tripathi dear president tripathi "the suny anthem" by b. martin ub improv at university at buffalo is hosting its second annual murder m... cit help desk interview apparently somebody got angry over a basketball game in south campus and... is there an advisement office on campus that helps you with cover letters? movie about peanut butter best place to live in ellicott? ub irc server (replace bizarro mainchat) ub irc server (replace bizarro mainchat) anyone know if the dance studios are free? mic 301 previous exams/study guides? help bring chuchu back to davis hall! (story in comments) help bring chuchu back to davis hall! (story in comments) anyone driving to long island for spring break? ub men's crew looking for a coxswain the spectrum's take on the carbon monoxide leak in the dorms - ub's resp... who comes up with this shit??? who comes up with this shit??? who comes up with this shit??? who comes up with this shit??? dc++ hub gone? would you recommend the school? indoor running track? ub harlem shake ub harlem shake ub harlem shake any gaymers? why do you need to make everyone feel so awkward. found this on r/cring... why do you need to make everyone feel so awkward. found this on r/cring... why do you need to make everyone feel so awkward. found this on r/cring... has anyone taken a proficiency language exam? best place to study late at night? goo house at ub - free comedy variety show!  this is a long shot but is anyone here a cheme with "the colloidal domai... questions from a confused englishman. ok, enough is enough!! what the hell are these in ever classroom?? ub lan party is today amc added to ub's campus cable, channel 7 amc added to ub's campus cable, channel 7 anyone else have trouble connecting to minecraft? reddit snowball fight? ub students without cars: what food around campus is good and affordable? ub irc channel? chemical engineering? ub subscriptions? the peacekeepers of main street the peacekeepers of main street the peacekeepers of main street any watsky fans on campus? musicians wanted ice skating anyone know any good places to sleep on campus? any job seeking advice ? anyone in the engineering program/know the dean? anyone know of any decent / good indoor tennis courts near north campus? ub lan party - i'm sure you all got the email ub lan party - i'm sure you all got the email anybody have an old copy of history of the human community by mcneill(ei... is greiner really that much better than ellicott? super smash bro. melee/brawl nights super smash bro. melee/brawl nights what bloody channel is the sabres game on? any chinese new years celebration at ub? newly admitted transfer student with a couple problems villas question wow this school's insurance policy is dildos  where to buy os x lion library skills? is it a class? looking for on-campus jobs, any recommendations? hey ub, check out books for bulls. search for textbooks by class name fo... any pharmacy major here?
 psy 101 with schlauch i need to take any class how is the weather like for fall/spring semesters? fall time freshman who needs advice! mic 301 lab question (biomedical microbiology) spa 104? possible meetup soon?  looking for a chinese tutor (mandarin) do i have any recourse against this teacher? anyone around for new year's eve? new buy/sell website specifically for ub students so far new buy/sell website specifically for ub students so far what must one do if they still have not received their grades.. is anyone else a little annoyed about the changes housing made to the ap... does anyone know when grades will be posted on the hub? how do you guys get to the airport?? buffalo international airport ?  question for south lake residents does anybody know if ub is planning on providing students with windows 8... the ub student experience photo contest ends tonight. vote for your favo... something about finals week gets people going. capen masturbator capen masturbator capen masturbator capen masturbator best places to shit on campus. best places to shit on campus. want an a and need a language? i'm pretty confused with meal plan. help me! anyone take bio205 (biochem) with snyder? do i need to buy the textbook? is there any interest in seeing a really thorough break down of the diff... heads up.  heads up.  new shower theater/improv group for amateurs and dilettantes at ub?  any enter the haggis fans out there? volleyball pick up games or intramurals? 1 bedroom, 2-story townhouse seconds from allen st. available! i can't be the only one... right...? i can't be the only one... right...? has anyone taken psych stats with luce? need more dropbox storage? join the space race!!! need more dropbox storage? join the space race!!! what is the process on doing a winter session at a different college private showers at alumni arena? new dorms coming to ub! new dorms coming to ub! new dorms coming to ub! new dorms coming to ub! new dorms coming to ub! c'mon ub! we're only a few hundred points away from getting 8gb of free... c'mon ub! we're only a few hundred points away from getting 8gb of free... hurricane sandy meal exchange mold i want to take my girlfriend out to someplace fun, anyone have any good ... how to get from university station(south campus) to walden galleria? ubuffalo tours sandy volunteering who wants to play some blues? or blues/rock?  38 credits of electives i need to take. suggestions are welcome! found usb drive in porter 4 washers. how you know an assignment is due tomorrow how you know an assignment is due tomorrow how you know an assignment is due tomorrow for those of you jazz fans...[x-post from r/buffalo] any interest in doing a r/ubreddit secret santa? free kevin smith (clerks, dogma, jay and silent bob) tickets available halloween party final update!!!! can anyone recommend a cool class or two? easiest art credit?! how i feel eating in c3. how i feel eating in c3. how i feel eating in c3. how i feel eating in c3. i should feel ashamed i do not know this, but i need some help doing laundry in the dorms, you tend to make a few enemies. doing laundry in the dorms, you tend to make a few enemies. open spot in my schedule. what should i take? to any ub dota players out there, join us in competing for the collegiat... ub is the 8th highest in torrent usage of all u.s. universities ub is the 8th highest in torrent usage of all u.s. universities ub is the 8th highest in torrent usage of all u.s. universities ubreddit party is on bitches.  ubreddit party is on bitches.  car crashes into south lake at ub north, driver is ok female hit by jeep on main street. i saw the aftermath and it did not lo... what are the chances of classes being cancelled from the impending storm? halloween parties... halloween parties... halloween parties... reddit halloween party: potentially canceled. vote for ub band (breckenwood) to open for sum 41!  click on willf1018 t... what time does c3 dining hall open for breakfast?
 what are everyone's thoughts on the new dining hall(c3)?  just ate at c3, the new dining hall. what is this? a drinking glass for... just ate at c3, the new dining hall. what is this? a drinking glass for... just ate at c3, the new dining hall. what is this? a drinking glass for... by request, here's my c3 review by request, here's my c3 review best classes/professors for required classes?  magic players at ub - friday night magic? sign up for the space race on dropbox- get free space reddit party: update thingie  student life wants your club to fail. student life wants your club to fail. student life wants your club to fail. free pre-screening tonight at 9pm in the student union theater!! flight ... zombie walk for breast cancer too late to waive medical insurance? reddit halloween party. november 3rd.  reddit halloween party. november 3rd.  sup guys.  anything going on tonight? any recommended hotel near by ub? anyone interested in a halo 4 lan? anyone see the falcon eating the critter outside baldy? giving money to focus on the family?! sign up for dropbox and support your school in the space race! spacevision 2012 - largest student space conference coming to buffalo! anyone interested in joining a band?
 this goes out to a good lot of people at ub this goes out to a good lot of people at ub busted anything going on this weekend? how to get to ecmc? ub_secure iphone 5 help? all time low ticket for sale, rochester this saturday empty classroom during the day? dose anybody have any good news dose anybody have any good news dose anybody have any good news mgo  computer science department? physics alright, any lsat survivors out there? ub, what are you doing? (x-post r/pics) ub, what are you doing? (x-post r/pics) fulfilling foreign language anyone transfer? question about internet at off campus apartments (sweethome, villas) ub podcast whiteboards ugc 303 test tomorrow. anybody want to form a last minute study group? what my friend found when connecting to wifi in ellicott... what my friend found when connecting to wifi in ellicott... what my friend found when connecting to wifi in ellicott... oh hey there... anyone play guitar? four ub students arrested for drug ring in university heights - news - ... four ub students arrested for drug ring in university heights - news - ... i was clearly having a pretty crappy day, then someone dropped this on ... i was clearly having a pretty crappy day, then someone dropped this on ... i was clearly having a pretty crappy day, then someone dropped this on ... i was clearly having a pretty crappy day, then someone dropped this on ... university at buffalo clery crime statistics 2009-2011 university at buffalo clery crime statistics 2009-2011 does anyone know if it's too late to sign up for that 5k? intramural ice hockey picture of the reddit party. quite the good time.  picture of the reddit party. quite the good time.  picture of the reddit party. quite the good time.  picture of the reddit party. quite the good time.  picture of the reddit party. quite the good time.  don't forget, party at my place at 8! anywhere to watch ufc events here? any one interested in joining a belly dance club? this saturday come to my apartment and party. lightly this saturday come to my apartment and party. lightly a fire will rise... a fire will rise... how much faster is the wired connection vs wi-fi connection? has anyone ever used the zip car? how much does it cost? thanks to everyone who came out to the meetup! any events going on this weekend? just gauging interest here.  just gauging interest here.  just gauging interest here.  reminder for the ub reddit meetup! tomorrow at 7pm  in su!  so, how to do this college thing? did anyone hear a gunshot at 12:00 am on september 14th? any doctor who fans on campus? physics help on north campus useful for cses? free vps today at chunkhost (xpost from /r/freebies) voting in the sa referendum next week? does work order requests in flint/hadley cost money? weekends quitting drinking junior year ub undergrad applying for ub grad school for next year-some questions is anyone else a graduate student? is anyone else a graduate student? found on r/science: favorite tv reruns may have restorative powers, says... can you use more that one meal at the same time at a place? any nerdy clubs or groups of people who get together and watch doctor who? robbery in porter 4th floor returning package? dungeons and dragons so how was fall fest? how long for loans to be disbursed? ub reddit meetup! 7pm, september 15th, su ub reddit meetup! 7pm, september 15th, su best fitness centers at ub? anyone with medicaid not able to waive the mandatory insurance fee? ub community fan meetup! terrible internet? any fans of mutemath or matt &amp; kim at ub? any urban and public policy studies or environmental studies majors on t... look who i found at the book store!  look who i found at the book store!  look who i found at the book store!  look who i found at the book store!  look who i found at the book store!  look who i found at the book store!  this weekend on south campus this weekend on south campus how many other girls are on this subreddit? ub dnd? do we have a sci-fi club here at ub? clubs? video games in the student union places to print on campus need to find a place to fix my bike. one credit hour courses? how i feel in my porter dorm room how i feel in my porter dorm room ub meetup ub meetup ub meetup from a ta in english to anyone taking 101/102/201: i have 2 mini fridges for sale, good price - pics included  roommate ditched at last second. anybody going to ub and are looking for... is it still possible to add classes? i hadn't added any yet for this sem... connecting a ps3 to the internet ub fraternity question.  natural science center to filmore academic center, is it possible in 10 ... cheap textbooks? i have a question about living in dorms. don't forget to waive the bullshit mandatory insurance they make you ge... don't forget to waive the bullshit mandatory insurance they make you ge... how do you remove medical insurance charge? off campus housing? planning to call a van. where should i call? any discounts for bus passes for ub students? new transfer student just got accepted help me out! gen. ed. transfer credit metro rail vs metro bus? question about ub edition textbooks. bikes in the dorm buildings? moving out early in hadley/flint apartments? my official welcome post, fall fest, potential meet up, and a note on t... my official welcome post, fall fest, potential meet up, and a note on t... nothing but bull: freshmen tricked into thinking ub is great! steve martin is a speaker for the dss this year steve martin is a speaker for the dss this year a couple questions about hadley. dc++ hub phonelab research project, join! get a free android phone! phonelab research project, join! get a free android phone! hi ub i'm a sophomore and wanted to know a good place to meet people    skeletal remains and coffins found underground at ub - news - the spectr... fall fest 2012 lineup lol players interested in competing in the collegiatestarleague?  is ub worth going to if i'm out of state(i'm from ca)? anyone here atten... work study questions?  suny mba in technology management? exclusive: full official ruling in ivcf vs. sa senate student wide judiciary overturns senate derecognition of intervarsity c... student wide judiciary overturns senate derecognition of intervarsity c... university at buffalo health insurance waiver request: denied [...!?]  does anyone use zipcars? made it! mandatory health insurance is $2000 or more, medicaid is free (if you qu... best debit card at ub? longboarding at ub? change ubmail theme layout? any recommendations for an easy fine arts gen-ed? textbook buying season is upon us. don't get screwed over by ub's bookst... how do i get my buffalo email forwarded to my droid? easy classes to help boost gpa what size are the beds in hadley? ub micro? they're doing outdoor movies at ub again this summer best places to meet new people at ub? tips for a freshman? what is a good office to work in for ub july 4th fireworks @ ub july 4th fireworks @ ub graduates: have any of you gotten your degrees in the mail yet?   another ub sunset another ub sunset another ub sunset another ub sunset multi-household garage sale!  williamsville, ny [x-post from r/buffalo] need 11 people to take russian 101 this fall  does ub forward packages? transit of venus june 5th any places to play piano on campus? best bank for students? looking for a place to stay from aug. 11th! ub tf2 gamers? will i need a parking permit during the summer session? all my ub pics all my ub pics all my ub pics kayak rental and tours at the waterfront future ub engineering graduate student wondering where to live trying to sell a refrigerator, any good ub classifieds websites to adver... any on-campus job during summer? i want to do university choir, but i have a class conflict.  from those ... ncc design contest come on ub, take google's hint... come on ub, take google's hint... come on ub, take google's hint... come on ub, take google's hint... ub students for life's christian andzel lying about being an atheist...... ub students for life's christian andzel lying about being an atheist...... advice about finance major, anything i should know about it? check out the dashboard for our new solar strand - it shows real time p... check out the dashboard for our new solar strand - it shows real time p... what is the easiest/funnest class for the american pluralism credit? sikander khan has requested 100 questions from the spectrum and has sai... sikander khan has requested 100 questions from the spectrum and has sai... new boyz added to springfest lineup couple of questions about course dificulty from a transfer. i think i found the smallest penis at ub. [sfw] i think i found the smallest penis at ub. [sfw] i think i found the smallest penis at ub. [sfw] i think i found the smallest penis at ub. [sfw] i think i found the smallest penis at ub. [sfw] ub vs clarkson for civil, worried that ub is too big. unrecognized greeks? what happens to the ub bull after everyone signs it? ways to spend my dining dollars...? any interest in an edm music production club? (fl studio / albeton / pro... dr. igor zutic was just published in nature materials! free until may 23... ub vs rit for engineering as a future sa club president, what will make you come to our events/fun... resignation of sa treasurer khan resignation of sa treasurer khan a question about moving out of the dorms. really funny: ub exbeerience  ub econ. prof. gets some press on the effects of offshore job creation new e-board cutting sa environmental. help save it! ellicott lampshades  blackboard mobile learns application...  any other ellicott ents ready for 4/20 could this replace our dc++? the spectrum on being gay... and you call yourselves "journalists" ?! the spectrum on being gay... and you call yourselves "journalists" ?! i feel like ub has turned into a joke... r/buffalo is planning a meet up, any thoughts on sending an r/ub coalition? kayaking kayaking way to go, wilkeson. hanging lights at davis hall  hanging lights at davis hall  sa scandal must read sa scandal must read sa scandal must read sa scandal must read sa scandal must read i want the bk lounge back in the commons. the new burger place is medio... i want the bk lounge back in the commons. the new burger place is medio... someone posted this pic on twitter.  anyone know who this prof is?  i m... someone posted this pic on twitter.  anyone know who this prof is?  i m... my friend made a tesla coil out of old ct parts, you know, the usual. what's the gender neutral area like? and while i'm at it, are any of the... torrent/p2p: yes or no on the ub network? roommate and i looking for off - campus apartment... some of my dorm neighbors are jerks--what sort of pranks have you guys ... some of my dorm neighbors are jerks--what sort of pranks have you guys ... saw this on r/pics earlier, decided to check if ub's microfilm collecti... saw this on r/pics earlier, decided to check if ub's microfilm collecti... saw this on r/pics earlier, decided to check if ub's microfilm collecti... ub consultant, anyone tried it? walking back from craig robinson last night... walking back from craig robinson last night... dae think craig robinson wasn't even a little funny? opened up dc++ today and all the feelings of losing it came back. rest ... opened up dc++ today and all the feelings of losing it came back. rest ... how i feel when i need to go to the dorm bathroom so bad but need to di... how i feel when i need to go to the dorm bathroom so bad but need to di... efc employee of three years, a savior of your drunken hunger. ama best thing to get at efc. really red jacket?? really red jacket?? we are the reason party, running for sa executive board and suny delega... we are the reason party, running for sa executive board and suny delega... we are the reason party, running for sa executive board and suny delega... "secret" tunnels? maintenance tunnels? anybody? time to meet some fellow redditors craig robinson for free.. march 31s, tickets at 350 su just got invited into leadership house...what's this all about? free passes for the advance screening of american reunion available at t... only downside to the sudden nice weather...[x-posted from adviceanimals] only downside to the sudden nice weather...[x-posted from adviceanimals] only downside to the sudden nice weather...[x-posted from adviceanimals] does anyone know what the lineup for spring fest is this year? tunnel between gov and nsc?? has anyone figured out how to link the iphone email app to ubmail throug... just finished up a music video, would love it if you would check it out tipping at the tiffin room color printers? scumbag milk machine. scumbag milk machine. scumbag milk machine. scumbag milk machine. seth mcfarlane cancels his appearance at ub for speaker series. lance ar... ublearns.  play starcraft?  like to drink?  check out buffalo barcraft! this is ridiculously embarrassing this is ridiculously embarrassing this is ridiculously embarrassing da fuck is the teal line? any ubmicro employees here? preferably technicians off to college... [xpost from r/funny] ub hacking! 26 hour hackathon in our university! sweethome or flint? does anyone know who i should go talk to about becoming a ny resident in... ub's newest sketch comedy show!   opinions? must be a pretty good gas leak must be a pretty good gas leak must be a pretty good gas leak so this is happening outside my porter dorm room. and since taking this... so this is happening outside my porter dorm room. and since taking this... the men's basketball team is good...really good.  come out to the last ... the men's basketball team is good...really good.  come out to the last ... i'm considering transferring to ub next year, to major in french. what r... do you have an old cell you don't use? anyone looking to buy an xbox 360? ubreathe unwanted cigarette smoke ubreathe unwanted cigarette smoke ubreathe unwanted cigarette smoke pets on campus printing wirelessly from a mac in the library? big red button help, i can no longer print after upgrading to os x lion. ub memes ub memes collegiate village heads up: the entire 3rd floor of capen/silverman library is silent-study. cyber-bullying law passed in erie county (where ub is, so this applies t... armed robbery in spaulding quad is there a way to update microsoft office for mac via the internet? or a... looking for some good paczki today and don't want to go to the broadway... looking for some good paczki today and don't want to go to the broadway... scumbag honors college - promotes advanced scholars, uses terrible grammar am i in? hi guys! i'll be transferring to ub next fall, and i'm a little lost on ... shit ub students don't say shit ub students don't say shit ub students don't say i think i figured out the company that makes our toilet paper: i think i figured out the company that makes our toilet paper: ub grad school? fraternity life fraternity life fraternity life undercover investigations involving ub muslim sa's undercover investigations involving ub muslim sa's just got accepted to ub. what are some things i should know before going? we need 300 likes on this post to get a ub campus tee! let's do it, spr... we need 300 likes on this post to get a ub campus tee! let's do it, spr... students of ub...i'm in lockwood right now, and 50 people just walked in... it's valentine's day, so i made a teddy bear for myself... it's valentine's day, so i made a teddy bear for myself... bad ub meme's so apparently the hub is gone forever... so apparently the hub is gone forever... crosspost: buffalo bisons game $20 includes ticket and unlimited beer, w... villas at chestnut ridge ubscifi club bassist wanted! ub has a memes page now. let's try to make it not suck ub has a memes page now. let's try to make it not suck ub has a memes page now. let's try to make it not suck anyone wanna play some lol? or sc2? anyone taking com 101 with reynold? ub needs one of these... ubdc hub ubdc hub differences in ub number ubmail on droid. updated: usaf eod demonstration (feb 9th) suny buffalo pinging me... relentlessly lisa khoury, setting women back 60 years. good job. lisa khoury, setting women back 60 years. good job. anyone know if we still have a tri-lamb frat? umm.. what? umm.. what? umm.. what? usaf explosive ordnance disposal robot demonstration (feb. 7th 2012) does anyone know about art history class about frank lloyd wright so... is this penis or hand?  so... is this penis or hand?  homework? why homework when you could build a 10ft snowman? homework? why homework when you could build a 10ft snowman? homework? why homework when you could build a 10ft snowman? found this ub gem on 4chan one day. found this ub gem on 4chan one day. found this ub gem on 4chan one day. found this ub gem on 4chan one day. found this ub gem on 4chan one day. dj looking for work anyone know an accessible roof-top at ub? what if the ellicott fire alarm was a rick roll? the (semi-)definitive answer to the question "what the fuck is there to... the (semi-)definitive answer to the question "what the fuck is there to... the (semi-)definitive answer to the question "what the fuck is there to... this is what everyone thinks they are going to get when they hear "who ... this is what everyone thinks they are going to get when they hear "who ... how to get in a frat party? when's rush week and is there anything good planned?