 uconn national student exchange. beaches within an hour from storrs? anyone in cse 1102? thank you uconn secure?...anyone have better results? anyone know what's going on with this? anyone know what's going on with this? general ed requirements? content area 4? which course to take? is there a particular attitude about living off campus? is there anyone selling his/her car? comedy / improv fans? buy or sell uconn tickets #uconnspringbreak collaborative party playlist via spotify! listen - con... pnb 3262 (endocrinology)? metal fans!?!?! husky tells it like it is husky tells it like it is husky tells it like it is husky tells it like it is husky tells it like it is husky tells it like it is husky tells it like it is eeb 2244 poker! where do you listen to music? dear uconn administration, dear uconn administration, dear uconn administration, dear uconn administration, how to meet people geoscience majors what are my options? anyone a chemistry major? how are the classes? another housing question anyone here going to the schoolboy q concert on thursday at toads place? whoever did this, thank you for making my morning. whoever did this, thank you for making my morning. whoever did this, thank you for making my morning. whoever did this, thank you for making my morning. whoever did this, thank you for making my morning. anyone else a bit let down by the spring concert? anyone else a bit let down by the spring concert? honors junior, chance at ctc? a friend in ctc (or "oh god, i'm so lonely") can non-honors students be pulled into ct commons? favorite foods at uconn? favorite foods at uconn? disability in amer lit &amp; culture/engl 2274w/erin eigen? apple pie? has anyone taken pnb 2250 animal physiology? the oaks roommate whats up with the large police presence on campus tonight? wow such science so bowl for those of you in o.chem with basu... did anyone find a macbook pro charger in oak hall? additional make up days - spring 2014 dining hall hours? what traditions are there at storrs? still haven't seen any. does anyone have a ti cable? let's play some music. let's play some music. it's official: j. cole for spring concert i say we start doing this around campus where to find off-campus housing? subletting a room in carriage for the summer did anyone find or take a backpack from the union game room? hartford courant article "uconn failed to respond to sex abuse allegatio... first robotics alums? cordial house cordial house open houses i updated the "cold outside" dining hall insert visuals a little bit i updated the "cold outside" dining hall insert visuals a little bit i updated the "cold outside" dining hall insert visuals a little bit hif: during my math class. i think we need a snow day chant. how can i get to hartford from here? i heard a spring concert rumor... drama 1101 with macki has anyone ever taken nre 3145 meteorology? conntalk - anonymous discussion for uconn students conntalk - anonymous discussion for uconn students hey guys, im freaking out and need to ask a quick question. the state of mens college basketball with uconn alum asif shah | anyone have ca4 int recommendations? 'building games for the real world': an hour-long presentation on the s... 'building games for the real world': an hour-long presentation on the s... anyone looking for a room at the oaks for next school year? has anyone else noticed that the dorms drinking water smells like chlorine? trayvon martin's mother to speak on campus on february 28th anybody trying to sell a uconn smu ticket last minute? you'll find some weird things upstairs in ite you'll find some weird things upstairs in ite you'll find some weird things upstairs in ite north campus barber shop does anyone go bowling while at uconn? looking for something to do tonight (2/22)? come learn how uconn is help... beach hall, 2nd floor. i don't even want to know. beach hall, 2nd floor. i don't even want to know. the absolute worst thing at uconn the absolute worst thing at uconn the absolute worst thing at uconn pnb 3265 - comparative endocrinology the dark power of fraternities south dorms? selling desktop setup apartment available for the summer panorama of ite c80, home of dick kochanek. everyone's favorite account... panorama of ite c80, home of dick kochanek. everyone's favorite account... panorama of ite c80, home of dick kochanek. everyone's favorite account... west virginia just scored again. is there a way to rent a laptop for ~2-3 weeks? anyone know who built this awesome snow lion outside of the union? i was just shaving i was just shaving anyone know what's going on at the library? pokemon firered / leafgreen ee students: is there a place on campus where i can get a pcb made? wings express so much time anyone else watching the twitchplayspokemon madness ensue? anyone else watching the twitchplayspokemon madness ensue? anyone else watching the twitchplayspokemon madness ensue? i found susan herbst's vehicle. it all makes sense now. i found susan herbst's vehicle. it all makes sense now. i found susan herbst's vehicle. it all makes sense now. i found susan herbst's vehicle. it all makes sense now. i found susan herbst's vehicle. it all makes sense now. i found susan herbst's vehicle. it all makes sense now. i found susan herbst's vehicle. it all makes sense now. i found susan herbst's vehicle. it all makes sense now. anyone know what the biz nite " dress code" is? hilltop housing regarding "squatting" (housing question) the roads are really terrible - please tip your delivery drivers the roads are really terrible - please tip your delivery drivers classes after 2:00pm cancelled did anybody else see this? will afternoon classes be cancelled today? sorry about the noise should i stay in buckley? uconn assistant jones resigns; made 'jesus in huddle' comments uconn assistant jones resigns; made 'jesus in huddle' comments hey! i am working on a website project and it would help a great deal if... a little late but anyone need to buy matlab book and arduino? snowboarding on campus? housing question more painting! i demand more naked people at games with me! does anyone know of a good taxi service in storrs/mansfield? where to meet people? where to meet people? is it still possible to graduate on time? freshmen year rooming to all those people wearing their "fresh kicks" today. to all those people wearing their "fresh kicks" today. to all those people wearing their "fresh kicks" today. to all those people wearing their "fresh kicks" today. walking down hillside when a wild jonathan appears :3 walking down hillside when a wild jonathan appears :3 walking down hillside when a wild jonathan appears :3 how big of a deal is a late plan on study? someone's a little angry someone's a little angry someone's a little angry anybody want to go to a hardcore show in worcester tomorrow? pat lenehan highlights from usf-uconn game (a star is born) pat lenehan highlights from usf-uconn game (a star is born) pat lenehan highlights from usf-uconn game (a star is born) single dorm rooms classes cancelled, everybody! go back to sleep! classes cancelled, everybody! go back to sleep! gym hours for tomorrow? can you switch from pnb to business junior year? classes i can still enroll in? here we go again... best area or apartment to live in? near storrs/hartford mcb undergrad major going for uconn engineering grad school thanks, susan thanks, susan thanks, susan seriously, it's almost 2:00am after getting the text about morning classes being cancelled after getting the text about morning classes being cancelled after getting the text about morning classes being cancelled looking for fellow cs major to work on uconn innovation quest project found this on twitter. was not original poster, so don't hold me respon... found this on twitter. was not original poster, so don't hold me respon... what is the best place you have partied this year? if classes are cancelled... dear susan what happens during the /r/uconn meetups? photo/video studios on campus? indoor track question huskython help! my friend is a student at uconn and only has a few more ... mostly useless, but highly amusing weather site mostly useless, but highly amusing weather site mostly useless, but highly amusing weather site genetic engineering (mcb 3412) to any electronic music producers, vengeance sample packs? help tedxuconn win ignite! any current students and alum form 03 on! don... i don't want to graduate, and i love you all. i don't want to graduate, and i love you all. why does storrs suck so much? anyone else just sick of everyone on their floor? anyone else just sick of everyone on their floor? class registration? philosophy 1102 exams always when i'm working... always when i'm working... always when i'm working... always when i'm working... always when i'm working... found this in the comments section on the uconn drug bust story wifi problems came across this song on a highlight video of uconn's 89-90 dream seaso... came across this song on a highlight video of uconn's 89-90 dream seaso... came across this song on a highlight video of uconn's 89-90 dream seaso... guys help quick! where can i find a galaxy s3 charger on campus? grade cutoff for pass for pass/fail course? ***official meetup postponed*** the uconn student that was arrested in the drug raid. the uconn student that was arrested in the drug raid. screaming in the dorms? grab and go nutrition facts? any ruby on rails devs? ups mailbox / drop-off uconn club shirt mock-ups. comments? would it be better short sleeve? uconn club shirt mock-ups. comments? would it be better short sleeve? who put a bagel in my ugg boot? brock hall snowball fight anyone? is the pharmacy building open today? anyone want to play basketball at brock housing selection question mechanical engineers? uconn closed and classes canceled at all campuses on feb. 5. emergency ... uconn closed and classes canceled at all campuses on feb. 5. emergency ... uconn closed and classes canceled at all campuses on feb. 5. emergency ... anyone looking for floor seats to grooveboston? what are you offering fo... missing class due to inclement weather missing class due to inclement weather wifi in lh102 lets hang out tonight! uconn files formal denial of sexual assault suit do buses run when classes are cancelled for inclement weather? closest usps box to north? walking to class today in the snow walking to class today in the snow walking to class today in the snow walking to class today in the snow twitchtv lag twitchtv lag found: white samsung phone outside of laurel hall found: white samsung phone outside of laurel hall found: white samsung phone outside of laurel hall found: white samsung phone outside of laurel hall days before being arrested for the 30k drug charges, alexander angeloff ... buildings lock/unlock? anybody like hardcore music and going to shows? chances of placing a course on pass/fail the day after the deadline? movie editing softwares offered by uconn? 50 degrees in storrs today! 50 degrees in storrs today! 50 degrees in storrs today! 50 degrees in storrs today! 50 degrees in storrs today! 50 degrees in storrs today! 50 degrees in storrs today! 50 degrees in storrs today! filming a movie on-campus uconn student arrested in on-campus $30k drug bust uconn student arrested in on-campus $30k drug bust uconn student arrested in on-campus $30k drug bust uconn student arrested in on-campus $30k drug bust what should i bring to the internship fair this wednesday? looking to meet people with similar interests anyone go to the a capella rush concert? grooveboston how does picking roommates work for sophomore year and up? psa: 1959 uconn logo t-shirts are back in stock psa: 1959 uconn logo t-shirts are back in stock uconn aims to be model agency in meeting clery act requirements wireless router does anyone play drums? fyi -- a full list of places coming to storrs center. fyi -- a full list of places coming to storrs center. fyi -- a full list of places coming to storrs center. school of business application can anyone drive me to new britain tomorrow by 9:30? where on campus can i buy flowers for an upcoming date? i don't have a c... what's the most illegal thing you've done on campus? what's the most illegal thing you've done on campus? what's the most illegal thing you've done on campus? "diary of a student revolution" a look at uconn's 1968 protests. putting uconn on the map for game-based learning! putting uconn on the map for game-based learning! jonathan xiii and jonathan xiv together jonathan xiii and jonathan xiv together jonathan xiii and jonathan xiv together jonathan xiii and jonathan xiv together jonathan xiii and jonathan xiv together jonathan xiii and jonathan xiv together jonathan xiii and jonathan xiv together jonathan xiii and jonathan xiv together jonathan xiii and jonathan xiv together jonathan xiii and jonathan xiv together jonathan xiii and jonathan xiv together off campus house what happened to the spinach artichoke dip at northwest? job application guys i'm just not feeling classes tomorrow. a new dog in town internships housing options for next year. help please! why do people get offended when i am naked in the bathroom questions about intramural hockey feeling really fabulous today uconn specific books? please! need advice from econ majors the front desk called us 10 mins later asking if we were okay the front desk called us 10 mins later asking if we were okay the front desk called us 10 mins later asking if we were okay the front desk called us 10 mins later asking if we were okay the front desk called us 10 mins later asking if we were okay the front desk called us 10 mins later asking if we were okay the front desk called us 10 mins later asking if we were okay date ideas for around the uconn campus area? got mine today :d got mine today :d got mine today :d got mine today :d charter oak apartments pols assessment test men's hockey fans need to learn to heckle men's hockey fans need to learn to heckle i think uconn facilities moved my bike? anyone else have cold showers? feasibility of flying out from bradley on march 14th this is a glorious day. co-op today, online monday. this is a glorious day. co-op today, online monday. this is a glorious day. co-op today, online monday. this is a glorious day. co-op today, online monday. this is a glorious day. co-op today, online monday. this is a glorious day. co-op today, online monday. this is a glorious day. co-op today, online monday. jorgensen tickets? housing options for next year anyone have a copy of the "norton anthology of english literature, 9th e... places to be alone on campus places to be alone on campus anyone have an extra power brick for the original white xbox 360? if it ain't broke, don't fix it if it ain't broke, don't fix it if it ain't broke, don't fix it if it ain't broke, don't fix it help with uconn-secure in need of a ca4-int course. music1004 - world music (ca.4-int) ilcs1160 - culture of fascist italy easy 3 credit related course for a biological sciences major any norwegians at uconn? what are some good business clubs to join? any good music venues around? first date for two close friends? i want to take her out and make it obv... parking help is the gym open if classes are canceled after 330? anyone taken ekin 3320 - intro to sport/exercise psychology? text alerts sending marijuanas through mail dae have issues using studentadmin in chrome? dae have issues using studentadmin in chrome? climbing orientation? easiest class you've ever taken at storrs how do you transfer credit into uconn? odds of getting into south parking around campus tomorrow? any recycle deposit return machines around? kevin ollie at the louisville game kevin ollie at the louisville game kevin ollie at the louisville game kevin ollie at the louisville game this was on /r/funny, but it made me think of uconn this was on /r/funny, but it made me think of uconn this was on /r/funny, but it made me think of uconn this was on /r/funny, but it made me think of uconn ekin 3200 with morrone - what is the required textbook? blood orgy blood orgy blood orgy studying to be a teacher at uconn? living on campus how i see kevin ollie when he got tossed biochemistry mark edward freitas ice forum and skate sharpening date my school looking for housing for the 2014-2015 year close to storrs campus uconn basketball's new video -- very intense. uconn basketball's new video -- very intense. uconn basketball's new video -- very intense. welp, there goes uconn athletics. ncaa poised to create separate voting ... i want to take my very good friend out on a nice date this semester. ideas? reminder: bring your skates/stick easy "w" writing course? class of 2018 competition is toughest ever looking for a louisville ticket for tomorrow night? looking for last minute off-campus housing spring 2014 incomplete class ye olde refund checks q-center application question about ekin 1160 new asian place at uconn? uconn football's come-to-jesus moment uconn football's come-to-jesus moment has anyone ever successfully avoided a campus change while taking more c... span1008 - christians, muslims and jews in medieval spain (counts for ca... college gameday ucon @ uconn ucon @ uconn i know it's a bit early for this but.... (housing) i have been working on recording an album up at school - here's a new so... update i guess, need your guys opinions what is being built behind gampel? free multipurpose rooms for student activities? anth 1006 question (textbooks) looking for musicians anyone have any experience with nre 1000 w/ ortega? 1960's campus map - repost from twitter earlier today 1960's campus map - repost from twitter earlier today 1960's campus map - repost from twitter earlier today 1960's campus map - repost from twitter earlier today 1960's campus map - repost from twitter earlier today 1960's campus map - repost from twitter earlier today as a graduating highschool senior, how easy is it to get accepted here? getting class schedule for ical/google calendar managerial accounting legit humans vs zombies at uconn? spring rush when do we get to choose our roommates? 2013 - the year in pictures uh, what's up with myeasyclass.com? what's a good class to take? (as a graduating senior) choosing a faculty advisor best jobs on campus? can i school facilities after graduating next fall? saturday lab? $500.00 charge for using swipe $500.00 charge for using swipe mail over break? chem sequence, calc ii summer? loe access code? buying textbooks i applied and have questions about the campus. taking courses at other schools over the summer? does the oaks on the square have ethernet? winter class question courses for spanish minor new grad student in spring-how can i get into basketball games? questions about getting into south, for fall 2014. clubhouse apartments hdfs 2001 edna brown room for rent (storrs) the talents of a uconn band director the talents of a uconn band director the talents of a uconn band director the talents of a uconn band director the talents of a uconn band director psych majors how are you all spending your breaks? winter intersession classes, it's going to be a boring vacation haha academic probation selling textbooks academic probation help please! :) accidently sent some christmas packages to the mailroom over break question about husky 1 cards? need 1 credit easy course? recommended classes? retaking classes? getting back on campus, after having lived off living off campus, dining hall meal plan fucked up, got a d. how do i find out if this will count as credit for m... am i the only one who hasn't gotten a single final grade yet? skybox? transfer credit? niels nba prospects what is the policy for graduating with one missing class? can i apply ap credit if i fail a course? how to waive the connpirg fee [repost from last semester] econ 3473 - economic development = complete waste of time can't log in to huskyct 2nd semester tuition due date parking during winter intermission? uconn business school grading? how do i see my exam grades? i feel like an idiot asking but i am just c... in desperate need of a dremmel... uconn 'master plan' guide to campus future never forget never forget never forget never forget never forget never forget never forget never forget never forget coming to uconn from australia (for 12 months) coming to uconn from australia (for 12 months) there was a drag queen hitting on guys at dog lane cafe last night there was a drag queen hitting on guys at dog lane cafe last night there was a drag queen hitting on guys at dog lane cafe last night there was a drag queen hitting on guys at dog lane cafe last night snow movinf back exams new football coach new football coach so the library 3rd floor bathroom is a no go so the library 3rd floor bathroom is a no go so the library 3rd floor bathroom is a no go so the library 3rd floor bathroom is a no go so the library 3rd floor bathroom is a no go subletting for spring 2014 and potentially beyond. warning to commuters taking route 195 in the morning during the winter warning to commuters taking route 195 in the morning during the winter staying classy... staying classy... staying classy... staying classy... staying classy... staying classy... staying classy... staying classy... staying classy... staying classy... staying classy... problem solving at its finest problem solving at its finest steam tunnels lost keys anyone know where i can buy a kemba walker jersey? big sean concert uconn med school co-op buyback federal office to investigate title ix complaint against uconn i don't know if any of you noticed, but uconn football just had a damn ... i don't know if any of you noticed, but uconn football just had a damn ... uconn police chances this weather report affects monday exams? ways to make money? looking for a good gift for a uconn grad noise complaint noise complaint finals studying psa finals studying psa as a grad student who couldn't find a single free seat in the engineeri... as a grad student who couldn't find a single free seat in the engineeri... as a grad student who couldn't find a single free seat in the engineeri... does anyone know what day points expire? did they remove the free windows 7 installs for uconn students? good places to poop thread good places to poop thread good places to poop thread hey, i need to ask some questions question about academic probation there's a stomach virus going around there's a stomach virus going around there's a stomach virus going around cse 2100 final exam with vincent huang article comparing kemba and shabazz in game-winners. who's more clutch i... has anyone taken social anthro with dianne schindler? uconn professor accused of vandalizing high-end cars, placed on leave uconn professor accused of vandalizing high-end cars, placed on leave delta kicks passengers off for florida gators basketball team delta kicks passengers off for florida gators basketball team delta kicks passengers off for florida gators basketball team anyone want to dress like a homeless person and help me on a presentatio... napier salutes the fans in espn interview napier salutes the fans in espn interview oaks on the square questions so this is what the ice sculpture outside the su was for... that was amazing! uconn wins at the buzzer! that was amazing! uconn wins at the buzzer! that was amazing! uconn wins at the buzzer! that was amazing! uconn wins at the buzzer! that was amazing! uconn wins at the buzzer! reddit founder alexis ohanian is visiting middletown's wesleyan universi... charter bus question uconn men's soccer knocks off top-seeded ucla on penalty kicks uconn men's soccer knocks off top-seeded ucla on penalty kicks uconn men's soccer knocks off top-seeded ucla on penalty kicks uconn men's soccer knocks off top-seeded ucla on penalty kicks uconn men's soccer knocks off top-seeded ucla on penalty kicks kennedy assassination rocked uconn campus 50 years ago today - uconn dai... what are some good places to go on a first date or informal get-together... a unique spoken word approach to one uconn future teacher's philosophy o... where are the rails programmers? i would just like to share my love for baja cafe. i would just like to share my love for baja cafe. applying to engineering school living off campus as a sophomore need to find a place to live next semester men's basketball is sitting at 7-0. what are your impressions so far? men's basketball is sitting at 7-0. what are your impressions so far? the official new id design the official new id design the official new id design is the student union market or any of the food places in the union open ... is there any program on campus that offers free/ inexpensive but serious... remember that car that went off the street by whitney? remember that car that went off the street by whitney? can you get solidworks for free from uconn? uconn student accused of threatening president obama uconn student accused of threatening president obama no. 11 uconn to face quinnipiac on thursday at 6:30 p.m. in ncaa first r... what are some highly regarded fraternities? (serious) how can i spend all these points? how anal are they? has anyone taken pols 3802 with hettinger? anyone taken chem 3210 with brueckner? housing for sophomore year busby suites do any frats take older pledges? apo, psp, adphi, akpsi? coming to uconn for a football game - can anyone tell me if there is a s... uconn chemist discovers new way to stabilize proteins uconn chemist discovers new way to stabilize proteins uconn chemist discovers new way to stabilize proteins how do you pass mcb 2000 with mary bruno? is there a way to have two tv's in your room? checking books out *without* a school id? (homer) getting a d in a class? easiest physics sequence? saw this in the union last night. did anyone here do this? saw this in the union last night. did anyone here do this? saw this in the union last night. did anyone here do this? saw this in the union last night. did anyone here do this? saw this in the union last night. did anyone here do this? saw this in the union last night. did anyone here do this? saw this in the union last night. did anyone here do this? saw this in the union last night. did anyone here do this? should we just make a title ix megathread? do the parties get better? is there a "product design" minor? union street market question request to ban tzer-o request to ban tzer-o in sexual assault cases, do uconn athletes get special treatment? without humanities, college students' education are only half done "sexual violence: its harms and remedies" teach-in sponsored by the wgss... bar of choice? trustees endorse direction of proposal to replace student recreation center allegation of retaliatory dismissal of a professor at uconn for her havi... where can i get me one of these scooters? i have been trying to put together an album during my free time here at... i have been trying to put together an album during my free time here at... found flash drive what happens if a package arrives over a break? "secret sale" at co-op? meal plan change? dodgeball team? does anyone have a playstation 2 controller/games they're willing to get... good local barber does anyone know who made this awesome ice sculpture outside of the union? does anyone know who made this awesome ice sculpture outside of the union? does anyone know who made this awesome ice sculpture outside of the union? does anyone know who made this awesome ice sculpture outside of the union? off campus housing uconn huskies star kaleena mosqueda-lewis injures elbow uconn huskies star kaleena mosqueda-lewis injures elbow music clubs at uconn? chill clubs? poker? exam curves visited a friend yesterday. i was just browsing craigslist for no odd reason and stumbled across this i was just browsing craigslist for no odd reason and stumbled across this i was just browsing craigslist for no odd reason and stumbled across this i was just browsing craigslist for no odd reason and stumbled across this off campus uconn poker hilltop apartments question delaying phys 1501 -- any problem? where to take a girl on a date on campus? psych experiments police accuse pasqualoni of lying about knowledge of athlete sexual assa... acapella mashup goodness from a completely different note (every night ... acapella mashup goodness from a completely different note (every night ... acapella mashup goodness from a completely different note (every night ... open forum -- task force on civility and campus culture -- tonight 6pm, ... what's with the new uconnshuttle? has anyone ever been drug tested by the athletic department? what happen... ct commons housing questions. anyone know any cool places to go caving near by? uconn buys west end mansion for herbst to woo donors lost a thing poker players / possible club? econ 1200 most lenient package/liquor store music rooms where i can practice on campus? ghosts midnight release second language requirement help! please! lost keys at uconn on 11/3 this is for anyone that wants to read a copy of the federal lawsuit that... filmed the uconn paintball team last week. this is the final result filmed the uconn paintball team last week. this is the final result filmed the uconn paintball team last week. this is the final result chances of getting off housing wait list ah martial arts class power is back baby! power is back baby! i went into campus yesterday with a halloween surprise for my undergrad... i went into campus yesterday with a halloween surprise for my undergrad... i went into campus yesterday with a halloween surprise for my undergrad... resume question looking for a new roommate! anyone seen a black wallet around msb? need advice for engl 2407 engineering network drive issues? zip zop zoobity bop zip zop zoobity bop zip zop zoobity bop zip zop zoobity bop power outage? anyone fly here? uconn's thanks for giving video contest open until sunday night. grand p... rally backs 7 uconn students who filed sexual assault complaint free shots at the student union! free shots at the student union! free shots at the student union! free shots at the student union! free shots at the student union! looking for writers on a uconn huskies blog has anyone ever taken eeb 4215? if so, what is it like? lost watch reporting an internship uconn response to sexual assault complaint draws scorn from students, s... uconn response to sexual assault complaint draws scorn from students, s... looking for work-out partner! ece 3001 em fields and waves uconn freshman track talent show champions (video) ways to reach the student body via email... uconn sunsets are pretty uconn sunsets are pretty uconn sunsets are pretty uconn sunsets are pretty uconn sunsets are pretty uconn sunsets are pretty who wants to play some punk/experimental. scumbag herbst my town recently opened a 'wings over' establishment. this is the bigge... my town recently opened a 'wings over' establishment. this is the bigge... my town recently opened a 'wings over' establishment. this is the bigge... my town recently opened a 'wings over' establishment. this is the bigge... my town recently opened a 'wings over' establishment. this is the bigge... my town recently opened a 'wings over' establishment. this is the bigge... registration help. how do i find people who don't drink/use drugs? how do i find people who don't drink/use drugs? construction management/major changes w courses feedback on ms statistics program at uconn? places to look for jobs that might not be posted on the website? could someone tell me how this is 9 pm? suggestions for a bearable w course. also question on my pick time being... 2013 uconn football intro video am i going to be overwhelmed by 2 w courses in one semester? woke up this morning and this was missing woke up this morning and this was missing woke up this morning and this was missing anyone else read this? and what are your thoughts on it? easy higher level econ courses??? where can i find a good bagel? amount of students at uconn with cs major empty room buyouts piercings near campus schedule planner/generator issue? i (20m) have a date coming up with a girl (19f) i hooked up with a week ... anybody have sprint or at&amp;t cell service? questions about the computer science program official spring 2014 (and winter intersession) class registration quest... official spring 2014 (and winter intersession) class registration quest... looking for a roommate for an apartment in orchard acres. anyone interested in an off campus room for next semester? looking for people interested in renting a house first night 2013: this is uconn basketball first night 2013: this is uconn basketball students allege uconn failing to protect women phish in hartford; post-party at uconn. computer science courses(related areas) ba major / bs minor? english 1010 or 1011 diffeq 2410q sushi? red room in ite? red room in ite? easy english class waiving phys 1201/1202 with phys 1501? orgo 2 professors? is chem 1127 offered over the summer? cse 3000 or cse 3002 how bad does a w really look on transcript? damn peoplesoft. my reaction when i miss the shuttle by 30 seconds and the bus driver gi... my reaction when i miss the shuttle by 30 seconds and the bus driver gi... my reaction when i miss the shuttle by 30 seconds and the bus driver gi... my reaction when i miss the shuttle by 30 seconds and the bus driver gi... as a senior, this is how i see freshman now... as a senior, this is how i see freshman now... as a senior, this is how i see freshman now... as a senior, this is how i see freshman now... clever fun courses for the spring semester? birthday cake? somewhere to find my body fat percentage? senior scoop 2014? help finding an easy and interesting gened/elective badm 3761 - study group, project partner how do you find your gfs/bfs? spring schedule advice? easy 2000 level classes in math, stat, engineering, physical or life sci... non-students getting parking tickets uconn honor societies can you get a meal plan if you live in hilltop apartments? what it feels like the first time you use a uconn desk chair and lean a... what it feels like the first time you use a uconn desk chair and lean a... what it feels like the first time you use a uconn desk chair and lean a... what it feels like the first time you use a uconn desk chair and lean a... what it feels like the first time you use a uconn desk chair and lean a... what it feels like the first time you use a uconn desk chair and lean a... what it feels like the first time you use a uconn desk chair and lean a... what it feels like the first time you use a uconn desk chair and lean a... what it feels like the first time you use a uconn desk chair and lean a... i left my backpack in a classroom. what do i do? getting into the school of kinesiology? job interview at the union death cult now recruiting death cult now recruiting fuck this shit, every time i try! fuck this shit, every time i try! fuck this shit, every time i try! fuck this shit, every time i try! off campus internet pet store nearby? used stuff? looking for a sober driver how strict are the room inspections? free printing? anyone here interested in web/software development? pretty ashamed it took me this long to realize this pretty ashamed it took me this long to realize this pretty ashamed it took me this long to realize this pretty ashamed it took me this long to realize this pretty ashamed it took me this long to realize this uconn expected to post perfect academic performance rating for men's bas... uconn great kemba walker names tim hardaway as favorite point guard of a... jobs at uconn for students sexual assault at friday party chemistry building at night chemistry building at night chemistry building at night chemistry building at night saw this parking job today at south saw this parking job today at south saw this parking job today at south saw this parking job today at south saw this parking job today at south saw this parking job today at south saw this parking job today at south ok, so i fucked up... gonna appeal the shit outta my parking tickets. so my roomate just left. does this mean i have the room to myself for th... so i came into a classroom and saw this on the board. not sure, but i t... so i came into a classroom and saw this on the board. not sure, but i t... so i came into a classroom and saw this on the board. not sure, but i t... how do i mail a package from uconn? urban exploration at uconn? uconn's 2013 thanks for giving video contest what is this helicopter doing? what is this helicopter doing? looking for someone with a tmec qt3 scooter anonymous no more: twitter engineer, uconn security analyst among 13 in... anonymous no more: twitter engineer, uconn security analyst among 13 in... timeflies uconn rap timeflies uconn rap just took this photo outside of my office. presenting: fire tree just took this photo outside of my office. presenting: fire tree just took this photo outside of my office. presenting: fire tree just took this photo outside of my office. presenting: fire tree my new shirts came in today my new shirts came in today my new shirts came in today my new shirts came in today my new shirts came in today my new shirts came in today my new shirts came in today how do non student tickets work for subog trips? is there anywhere i can buy cigars around storrs? want to apply to uconn, how important is world language? changing info on uconntact engineering management minor off campus parking do any of you know of people who kept a pet cat in their dorm/ suite? how do i get a bus ticket from campus to nyc? seeking fellow musicians when does spring registration start? looking for interesting class anyone with an att galaxy s3 willing to trade? stolen skateboard parties on friday any road bikers care to show me their loop? best time of the year... what do when i graduate? this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... this guy who looks like jesus went to speak with the preachers. "don't... oh boy... our favorite preachers are back! urban exploring pumpkins got photographed by a school photographer, where will those photos end up? so how is safeconnect supposed to work? jam club / music people? looking for kemba walker jersey picking up mail early (avoiding extra days to get to get it to mailroom) uconn football fires pasqualoni. uconn football fires pasqualoni. uconn football fires pasqualoni. uconn football fires pasqualoni. uconn football fires pasqualoni. uconn football fires pasqualoni. psa: allowed amounts of alcohol in the rooms (in case you care) interesting/fun 1-credit classes? horse barn hill today horse barn hill today horse barn hill today horse barn hill today horse barn hill today horse barn hill today horse barn hill today grocery store kemba walker recently went back to old his old hood back in the bronx a... kemba walker recently went back to old his old hood back in the bronx a... kemba walker recently went back to old his old hood back in the bronx a... found this in ite a little while ago found this in ite a little while ago found this in ite a little while ago found this in ite a little while ago geno's restaurant reviewed in the nyt! timeflies / jorgensen question? dropping a course that would turn me into a part-time student? uconn chemistry majors - internship opportunity questions about celeron thought you guys might like the banner i had made for my house thought you guys might like the banner i had made for my house thought you guys might like the banner i had made for my house thought you guys might like the banner i had made for my house thought you guys might like the banner i had made for my house thought you guys might like the banner i had made for my house thought you guys might like the banner i had made for my house thought you guys might like the banner i had made for my house thought you guys might like the banner i had made for my house so, who saw geno's tweets from earlier today? so, who saw geno's tweets from earlier today? so, who saw geno's tweets from earlier today? any easy w? basketball tix michigan's reaction to the game last night michigan's reaction to the game last night fishing on campus? fishing on campus? are my chances of getting in good? wifi? cookie cake my boyfriend got me for our anniversary, insomnia cookies a... cookie cake my boyfriend got me for our anniversary, insomnia cookies a... cookie cake my boyfriend got me for our anniversary, insomnia cookies a... cookie cake my boyfriend got me for our anniversary, insomnia cookies a... cookie cake my boyfriend got me for our anniversary, insomnia cookies a... if uconn beats michigan this is what the student section will look like black lambo mansfield apartments is there anywhere i can buy gta nearby/on campus for xbox. greetings from the summit greetings from the summit greetings from the summit greetings from the summit greetings from the summit tedxuconn is happening this saturday at the student union theater, don'... tedxuconn is happening this saturday at the student union theater, don'... updating iphone problems? do parking garages ever close? musicians on campus? uconn career fairs lost orgo textbook library question best place to take a date? best place to take a date? internet issues first meetup of the semester was fun! also looking for suggestions of a... first meetup of the semester was fun! also looking for suggestions of a... sigma alpha pi - scam or legit fixing a bike on campus need a computer science senior design app idea (preferably uconn related... what will happen to me? difference between storrs degree and waterbury degree? next level web design next level web design apparently it's sin awareness day... apparently it's sin awareness day... apparently it's sin awareness day... apparently it's sin awareness day... apparently it's sin awareness day... apparently it's sin awareness day... apparently it's sin awareness day... ps3 controller staff office lookup? the sobrio android app is finally available for safe rides around uconn finding tutors? (for statics ce2110) don't forget to vote today! ysk there's a uconn wings page that tracks which dining halls are servi... ysk there's a uconn wings page that tracks which dining halls are servi... ysk there's a uconn wings page that tracks which dining halls are servi... campus job interview attire. need help with linux, grub shit the bed... pre-med student interested in surgery? learn more about podiatric medici... seeing the world in macro with mark smith of macroposcopic solutions and... which design of the new husky one card are you guys voting for? which design of the new husky one card are you guys voting for? are there any fraternities it isn't too late to rush? mailroom help anyone have insight into cigna internship interviews? chemistry 1128q anyone know if we're allowed a crockpot in dorms? is it just my tv or are some channels frozen for everybody on campus? so uh... the new engineering shirts are here... so uh... the new engineering shirts are here... so uh... the new engineering shirts are here... have you ever successfully appealed a parking ticket? we're at the involvement fair! we're at the involvement fair! we're at the involvement fair! we're at the involvement fair! we're at the involvement fair! we're at the involvement fair! we're at the involvement fair! anyone know how to set up an apple tv on uconn wifi? liquor stores commuting to uconn (storrs) from hartford region (new britain/plainville... any league of legends players? parking woes. applying for graduation do any uconn public computers have photoshop/indesign? anyone else having a lot of trouble getting netflix to work? total war anyone? torrenting? water spigots/hoses on campus? free safe rides and cash cab tonight on sobrio what are my rights concerning room searches? wildlife on the campus? best way to get to quinnipiac and back? need someone who's good with a dremmel! used cars how do people have ac units in their dorms? petition to fire paul pasqualoni foggy swan lake foggy swan lake foggy swan lake foggy swan lake foggy swan lake foggy swan lake uconn football anyone found an itouch yesterday near the hilltop volleyball court? uconn hockey preview calling cse students of uconn does anyone know what building "rh" would stand for? anyone ever have problems getting uconn secure to show up on the wifi li... what is the policy on taking more than 5 classes a semester? why am i no... (re)introducing the new reddit meetup club and the first uconn meetup o... (re)introducing the new reddit meetup club and the first uconn meetup o... (re)introducing the new reddit meetup club and the first uconn meetup o... we got our buff chick wraps back already. we got our buff chick wraps back already. we got our buff chick wraps back already. looking for a tv transfer policy is anyone having problems with their keys? blackboard says i'm not enrolled in any courses. new student ids? where does one go to buy/sell football tickets? uconn student, 19, dies on first day of classes uconn student, 19, dies on first day of classes uconn student, 19, dies on first day of classes south grab&amp;go has permanently discontinued buffalo chicken wraps has anybody still not sold their chem 2443 or pnb 2274 textbooks? sobrio app for getting sober rides just got a big update buses from shippee purple line and northwood apts has anyone taken intermediate micro or intermediate macro? need help from a linguistic/psych major usps mailbox locations? has anyone here taken american sign language? what can i expect? slow uconn internet is there anywhere to watch breaking bad tonight? commuter parking connecting bluray to uconn secure for past uconn engineers and ite lvl 100s any way to get the custom owl chemistry subscription for less than 24 mo... has anyone had trouble with the staff at carriage? so i was in the process of moving to uconn from mass and i saw this lit... so i was in the process of moving to uconn from mass and i saw this lit... so i was in the process of moving to uconn from mass and i saw this lit... welcome to uconn, all ye freshmen. welcome to uconn, all ye freshmen. welcome to uconn, all ye freshmen. dumpster diving? mcmahon hall residents where can you park long term on the depot campus without getting ticketed? anyone recommend a good athletic club / club sport has anyone taken a class with suzy killmister? (phil. 3220) mental health services question about picking up the parking pass what do a new student's first few weeks look like? uconn earns sierra club's #1 cool school of 2013 getting a loft in northwest don't forget to waive your connpirg fee and save $5! [tutorial link] don't forget to waive your connpirg fee and save $5! [tutorial link] selling my xbox 360 slim...details inside soccer lovers at uconn? looking for 2 monitors 24-27" i'm going to be taing my first class starting next week, what do you wan... warning don't use the new webster atm's!! how to keep unairconditioned dorm room cool, and bathroom questions. grocery stores near uconn learning communities in mcmahon belden hall? haven't heard much about it need class advice i have a couple of questions about buckley hall and clubs morning traffic? difference between spring and fall rush? ps3 for sale? orgo 2241- need the book? [x-post from r/connecticut] kal penn visits uconn storrs 9/5/13 - 8 pm,... [x-post from r/connecticut] kal penn visits uconn storrs 9/5/13 - 8 pm,... how come no one knows of the free parking on depot campus? hilltop apts how do i make more friends here? how do i make more friends here? bringing a hammock prospective student here. can you share with me the absolute best thing ... course selection question to those who are living off campus, which internet service provider are ... marching band old uconn greek houses where to look for off-campus housing? do i need the book for intro to chemical engineering 2103? @uconn.edu email with mac's mail application? car club? this semester, listen up... to all of the weird shit passerby say while ... uconn greek life east dorms? parking help: how quick do c and f lots fill up? is using a private vpn against university policy? so if you have a negative balance on your uconn tuition, do you get a ch... questions about late night karaoke housing info has been released (link to myhousing for the lazy) housing info has been released (link to myhousing for the lazy) anyone lived in mcmahon? maps of dorm rooms is anybody else having trouble with the alcoholedu site? jam club 2013 anyone know if they ended up renovating the showers in west? i've heard ... anybody in north campus fairfield? (or north in general) why is north referred to as "the jungle"? transfer student housing question my dogs adventure around campus earlier my dogs adventure around campus earlier my dogs adventure around campus earlier my dogs adventure around campus earlier my dogs adventure around campus earlier saw this on top of atwater the other day. was it anyone here? saw this on top of atwater the other day. was it anyone here? have any other transfers or freshmen gotten any info about their housing... math 1131q textbook question playing (loud) rock music on campus? not doing alcoholedu feedback on ilcs 1158? anybody taking summer classes who has a car and needs a steady job? northwest dorm rooms has anyone taken cse 1102 object oriented design? looking for a part/very-part time job during the school year. do any veterans at uconn know about the tuition waiver? exercise science majors/applying to exercise science? smoking at uconn northwood apartments.....costly? just a deer hanging out in y-lot. (sorry for the quality) chem 1124q how in the fuck do i graduate? textbooks does carlos still go to teds? does carlos still go to teds? moving in early looking for 3rd roommate off-campus ($441.45-$468.45) has anyone taken intro to psych with dr. miller? how is shippee what is the process for adding or dropping classes within the first few ... uconn basketball could have 'home' games in bridgeport, ct this season bio 1107 help chem 1128q syllabus freshman major questions. what actually happens if you get caught smoking pot in a dorm/ suite? math 1070 do south garage parking passes run out? can anyone tell me what the internet speed is like in the oaks on the sq... uconn car club everyone i know is trying to talk me out of it...is rushing a sorority r... does anyone have a copy of a syllabus for soci 1001w and ah 4240w? diego valente for phys 1501q? classes not showing on textbooks to go has anyone ever switched into the school of engineering from another major? econ 2021 intermediate micro is the uconn student football ticket option fucked up for anyone else? anyone with off-campus housing need a roommate for the coming semester/y... organic chemistry 20 things only uconn huskies will understand 20 things only uconn huskies will understand enrollment question sexual misconduct allegations against uconn faculty sexual misconduct allegations against uconn faculty does anyone know any more information about this email that was sent ou... does anyone know any more information about this email that was sent ou... will be starting this spring as a cs major, somewhat non-traditional stu... looking for 3rd roommate at willington oaks, ($441.45 - $468.45 per mont... chem 1128 which commuter parking pass should i buy? here for summer..what else do i do? question about repeating a course streaming evo finals all day sunday in meriden, ct internet in sprauge honors dismissal? cams1101 freshman question about changing classes towers dorms question about double majoring alumnus with a brain fart.... parking at towers psa: microsoft office (for pc and macs) is free for all uconn students psa: microsoft office (for pc and macs) is free for all uconn students clas student looking for computer courses how should i set up my room in ctc this year? uconn kicking me while i'm down. uconn kicking me while i'm down. how are hilltop dorms? i'm just going to leave this here. (ncaa football 14 lyle mccombs cover) i'm just going to leave this here. (ncaa football 14 lyle mccombs cover) i'm just going to leave this here. (ncaa football 14 lyle mccombs cover) thoughts on new cornhole design before i start painting? thoughts on new cornhole design before i start painting? thoughts on new cornhole design before i start painting? check out this sick uconn parkour video one of my friends just put up check out this sick uconn parkour video one of my friends just put up cse grad student looking for housing parking permits now available! get 'em while they're hot. parking permits now available! get 'em while they're hot. northwood apartments anyone here got any info about northwood apartments? likes? dislikes? an... summer gym hours? check out my r/collegebasketball post about uconn basketball check out my r/collegebasketball post about uconn basketball parking services will offer new carpool permit option for the upcoming a... refund check during june? anyone else have this? got out of an abusive relationship and need new friends... anyone around... storrs named third smartest city in america storrs named third smartest city in america storrs named third smartest city in america storrs named third smartest city in america taxi or ride home services for the area? so google street view updated their imagery uconn's campus...you can no... so google street view updated their imagery uconn's campus...you can no... so google street view updated their imagery uconn's campus...you can no... billing statement for waterbury uconn? parking permit prices are ridiculous this upcoming year. parking permit prices are ridiculous this upcoming year. summer hub dismissal appeal results landlord screwing myself and my 3 student roommates over...does uconn of... new fall 2013 course: a real world intro to management information systems tea kettles anyone still around campus and have a windows 7 x64 install disc? best in campus job to get? (ignore the link) like whitney's maple balsamic salad dressing? like whitney's maple balsamic salad dressing? need one more content area 3 class - suggestions? calculus 1132 summer session tutor needed how do i get the syllabus of classes i'm taking this fall? or just a lis... selling textbooks! need someone to take over my lease at millbrook apartments! (june 16, 20... quick question about mail quick question about coverage tech dump? (semi x from lpt) enrollment restriction uconn nursing plan of study pdf? uconn orientation roommate? uconn baseball upsets no. 1 virginia tech in the ncaa tournament uconn baseball upsets no. 1 virginia tech in the ncaa tournament uconn baseball upsets no. 1 virginia tech in the ncaa tournament uconn baseball upsets no. 1 virginia tech in the ncaa tournament uconn baseball upsets no. 1 virginia tech in the ncaa tournament room walking distance to campus available spring semester possibly applying to uconn chem 1128q majors in clas? incoming freshman - physics. a few questions... anyone ever taken organic chem online? just wondering if it's worth it t... hi! i'm a psych grad student! i made this video for a competition! like... hi! i'm a psych grad student! i made this video for a competition! like... reapplying as a dismissed storrs student - need help where do you guys sell your textbooks? classes not listed in textbooks to go? business. the word was business. business. the word was business. business. the word was business. business. the word was business. d.p dough saturday special? computer science / digital game design transfer student looking for input has anyone every contested a final grade? how did it go? do i have a good shot at switching into the cs program? transportation between campuses enrolling in courses outside of enrollment date? roommate needed for summer retook class and did much better in it this time around, but my gpa is c... not sure if this is the right subreddit but, if i got rejected from ucon... taking online anthro 1006 with w. handwerker... anyone have him? i have ... prospective transfer student looking for some advice if i still have points left from last semester's meal plan, can i still ... uconn president herbst had 13th highest salary in 2012 uconn president herbst had 13th highest salary in 2012 how i feel when checking studentadmin how i feel when checking studentadmin how i feel when checking studentadmin how i feel when checking studentadmin how i feel when checking studentadmin how i feel when checking studentadmin how i feel when checking studentadmin how i feel when checking studentadmin how i feel when checking studentadmin graduate student looking for a roommate next semester! looking for someone to sublet my room this summer hartford courant reporting the daniel hamilton commitment hartford courant reporting the daniel hamilton commitment has anyone been at uconn for the summer? finishing the semester and need a summer class? uconn, i don't know if you know this...but it's raining. there is free ... uconn, i don't know if you know this...but it's raining. there is free ... uconn, i don't know if you know this...but it's raining. there is free ... uconn, i don't know if you know this...but it's raining. there is free ... uconn, i don't know if you know this...but it's raining. there is free ... sources of academic funding? need a roommate(s) to get an apartment for 2013/2014. seniors, what will you miss most about uconn? dawn at uconn dawn at uconn dawn at uconn dawn at uconn dawn at uconn dawn at uconn dawn at uconn dawn at uconn dawn at uconn dawn at uconn dawn at uconn dawn at uconn has anyone taken vertebrate biology (eeb 2214) with charles smith? i'm t... so what happens when you fail a class? what tips/secrets do you know or have discovered recently in campus? geoscience graduate student wins first prize in innovation quest compet... geoscience graduate student wins first prize in innovation quest compet... study abroad student for fall 2013 - don't know where to preference for ... got accepted to transfer to the storrs campus this fall. should i look i... honors appeal process? anthro 3450 with dussart? final exam tomorrow - what's it like? she has ... good luck on finals my fellow huskies good luck on finals my fellow huskies good luck on finals my fellow huskies good luck on finals my fellow huskies good luck on finals my fellow huskies good luck on finals my fellow huskies good luck on finals my fellow huskies good luck on finals my fellow huskies good luck on finals my fellow huskies downloading music on safeconnect undergrad in a graduate class... redditors here for the summer how long after graduating can i still use the gym here? looking for subletters for the summer. anyone know if its possible to do overnight parking...anywhere? xbox stopped connecting to network buckley vs other freshman dorms with great power comes great responsibility with great power comes great responsibility with great power comes great responsibility with great power comes great responsibility with great power comes great responsibility with great power comes great responsibility with great power comes great responsibility with great power comes great responsibility if you're an undergrad, can you help me out by taking this short survey ... the one reason i'm happy to be graduating: i don't have to put up with ... the one reason i'm happy to be graduating: i don't have to put up with ... so how was your year/semester? extra graduation ticket uni conn uni conn uni conn uni conn uni conn uni conn uni conn uni conn uni conn uni conn uni conn ece 3101 i'm late for class give me the keys to the damn zamboni! i'm late for class give me the keys to the damn zamboni! not something we should be proud of, nor should we accept. not something we should be proud of, nor should we accept. off campus roommate wanted! uconn law student in hot water after comments uconn law student in hot water after comments anyone have any information on mcb 2000 (bruno) final? some people in the jesus mob some people in the jesus mob you know it's getting warm when the jesus guys come around you know it's getting warm when the jesus guys come around you know it's getting warm when the jesus guys come around you know it's getting warm when the jesus guys come around you know it's getting warm when the jesus guys come around you know it's getting warm when the jesus guys come around you know it's getting warm when the jesus guys come around you know it's getting warm when the jesus guys come around you know it's getting warm when the jesus guys come around this went largely unnoticed, but a bunch of grad students (successfully... this went largely unnoticed, but a bunch of grad students (successfully... if i fail a class that prevents me from graduating is there anything i c... which calculator for engineering? finals parking looking for fall-only housing. room available for summer, may to august parking garage and credit card? room change application; how's it work? writer of open letter to president herbst is attacked online (tl;dr peo... writer of open letter to president herbst is attacked online (tl;dr peo... writer of open letter to president herbst is attacked online (tl;dr peo... uconn, please do not allow the police to overstep their authority this ... uconn, please do not allow the police to overstep their authority this ... uconn, please do not allow the police to overstep their authority this ... appealing parking tickets? this is what the music program here does this is what the music program here does this is what the music program here does this is what the music program here does mechanics of materials do you or someone you know have a windows 8 phone? didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... didn't know this subreddit existed until now, after i've graduated, bu... major class waitlist not to open a can of worms but... how do we feel about this article? tickets for graduation question about graduation day... anyone going on this secret tour? i have class but am really interested ... sooooo...stupid question: are the only ca-1 classes those listed on stud... im on a boat im on a boat content area 4 question incoming freshmen thread? study abroad questions anyone else feel extremely lonely on campus? anyone else feel extremely lonely on campus? anyone else feel extremely lonely on campus? anyone else feel extremely lonely on campus? summer storage on-campus? is anyone else going to the underwear mile tonight? who else is for more bike racks near buckley? orchard acres or knollwood apartments? hey guys, my black/white "giant" brand bike was stolen out of buckley t... hey guys, my black/white "giant" brand bike was stolen out of buckley t... first thing i thought of when seeing the new football helmets first thing i thought of when seeing the new football helmets first thing i thought of when seeing the new football helmets first thing i thought of when seeing the new football helmets new athletic uniforms revealed new athletic uniforms revealed is it beneficial to take classes for raw credit over the summer despite ... helping boston. helping boston. it's nice outside it's nice outside it's nice outside who needs a place to live this summer? using the electronics shop about boston. about boston. summer classes/meal plan question jobs at uconn for freshman? taking a semester off which housing option would you select?