 before you land in newark, de, please take a moment to familiarize your... before you land in newark, de, please take a moment to familiarize your... issues surrounding major and mybluehen couple enjoying a blue hens game (taken a while ago) couple enjoying a blue hens game (taken a while ago) torrenting? prospective student with some questions... favorite place to take a nap on campus (other than your room)? grad student apartments apartment for 6 months? request: spring career fair - employers list it's 2 am on a saturday night and you're drunk/high. where do you go for... does anybody else think that the doors to memorial sound like a dinosau... does anybody else think that the doors to memorial sound like a dinosau... poker to current honors students --what's it like? any ud starcraft players or teams? good clubs in udel or where to find them? prospective student considering udel anybody know how waitlist works? hello /r/udel, i am coming on the 15th for a performance. can anyone des... indoor basketball courts for a visitor? arriving by plane, philly or baltimore? psa: grad students, there's still time to submit an abstract for the gra... outdoors opportunities? is ud still a party school? hbo subscriptions? parking - please help! anybody selling their math117 book my bands van just broke down in newark and won't be fixed until tomorrow... pedestrian signals planned for main street, delaware avenue pedestrian signals planned for main street, delaware avenue 2 assault charges on campus on nye. looks like there was a lot happening... electric cars may hold solution for power storage (features ud's grid c... electric cars may hold solution for power storage (features ud's grid c... hi udel reddit! got my scholarship! going to udel! hi udel reddit! got my scholarship! going to udel! hi udel reddit! got my scholarship! going to udel! will probably be returning to ud in the spring as a 25 year old student.... gay scene? selling my red lot parking pass snow on campus this morning snow on campus this morning snow on campus this morning snow on campus this morning snow on campus this morning so apparently this is why ud is so reluctant to cancel class for snow. me and my lil blue hen sister me and my lil blue hen sister me and my lil blue hen sister anyone have any experience protesting parking tickets? any other bitcoiners? any other bitcoiners? what happened to the iphone app? new bike self-repair stands are around campus, such as at kirkbride/morr... need help deciding which science + lab i should take! help me choose a free elective class! questions about graduate engineering does anyone know how to hook up a ps3 to the wireless network? fundraiser for club tennis at the greene turtle monday november 18! looking for awesome places within a ~2 hour range of campus material belongings tunnels? markers for white boards in morris study rooms? inspired by aspal526, i went around udel and caught some of fall's colo... inspired by aspal526, i went around udel and caught some of fall's colo... if anyone finds out who keeps vandalizing the bikes on laird (north) cam... i got bored one night so i took some pictures around campus i got bored one night so i took some pictures around campus i got bored one night so i took some pictures around campus i got bored one night so i took some pictures around campus humans vs zombies on ud it almost looks like an out of control handlebar mustache/goatee. (i'm ... it almost looks like an out of control handlebar mustache/goatee. (i'm ... i think there's a religious turf war about to go down i think there's a religious turf war about to go down i think there's a religious turf war about to go down i think there's a religious turf war about to go down things to do in newark anyone on campus doing dev for the oculus rift? ud steam usernames edm or trap music ? minnesota &amp; dj slipcase are coming to ud! broomball at the fred rust ice arena! (south campus) video game tournament club is at it again... i'm not immature, i'm in college! i'm not immature, i'm in college! i'm not immature, i'm in college! cheap off campus single person housing? newark police release photos of 11 more people wanted in the riots. ple... newark police release photos of 11 more people wanted in the riots. ple... t-mobile coverage? best off campus housing? browsing through /r/funny and almost didn't notice this guys hoodie! (x... browsing through /r/funny and almost didn't notice this guys hoodie! (x... super smash bros. tourney anyone? congrats, ud. congrats, ud. congrats, ud. congrats, ud. a good little blog about i'm schmacked with videos student organizations competing for this flyer competition? lets exchang... writing a paper when im shmacked comes to town writing a paper when im shmacked comes to town writing a paper when im shmacked comes to town writing a paper when im shmacked comes to town riots? official university of delaware udance freeze mob newark community day sept 15 (rain date sept 22) free bike repair stations at udel! lug at ud is coming back! lug at ud is coming back! tickets to see justice sotomayor? are we going to have another meet up this year? any e-sports followers at udel? any e-sports followers at udel? ud's 'little bob' not so little anymore ud shooting arrest made not the best picture but, a shot of the new engineering / science building not the best picture but, a shot of the new engineering / science building newark bike project has repaired bikes (for now) newark bike project has repaired bikes (for now) delware football starts thursday. join us for discussion over at r/fcs reminder: activities night is tonight yay bo burnham! yay bo burnham! hello incoming freshmen microsoft office download youtube converting on campus wifi? 3d printer assembly workshop - wilmington help with books don't let them put a natural gas plant in newark, de! math 241/242/243 books not able to switch classes? what's the gym like? how to hang stuff up..? where do the graduate students live? riding white clay creek, de with my new gopro. first time shooting and e... if you ever worked at ud ever, you need to look into this. it effects p... if you ever worked at ud ever, you need to look into this. it effects p... if you ever worked at ud ever, you need to look into this. it effects p... ud digital security breech- 72,000 social security numbers taken ud digital security breech- 72,000 social security numbers taken rep carney is holding a telephone conference to discuss the rising costs... financial independence? tell me about fraternities ud students free speech lawsuit over t-shirts settled out of court. anyo... i'm stuck between choosing honors and regular math 242. recommend an honest auto mechanic bar guide to ud? diplomas don't list majors? come out to anti-protest the westboro baptist church in delaware on july... kickboxing/yoga classes at ud? incoming freshman- tips? how does homework "work" here? hey i'm a summer session student; where can i find a good parking spot f... local information security career expo incoming grad student, looking for an apartment. any recommendations? transferring to ud? the review did an article about how and why r/delaware adopted a road. ... the review did an article about how and why r/delaware adopted a road. ... ud quarterback trevor sasek stabbed behind grottos ud quarterback trevor sasek stabbed behind grottos til /r/newarkde exists. (why is it not in the sidebar?) til /r/newarkde exists. (why is it not in the sidebar?) found a crashed, abandoned women's road bike on the pomeroy trail today.... breadth requirements? hi! i just moved to newark with my boyfriend and i'd like to make some ... hi! i just moved to newark with my boyfriend and i'd like to make some ... does anybody know what happened to pita pit? the review gets it wrong. rainbow records will not be closing. the review gets it wrong. rainbow records will not be closing. adopt-a-highway cleanup in newark for global reddit meetup day on june ... adopt-a-highway cleanup in newark for global reddit meetup day on june ... i found a lost camera i found a lost camera can any of you take my survey about tours at ud? areas in newark that are set to demolish: looking to sublet a place for the summer i'm considering attending ud for chemical engineering and i have some qu... missed free bike maintenance today? there's another free bike repair sta... til ud accepted a famous north korean defector til ud accepted a famous north korean defector nice tatoo nice tatoo if you are a freshmen (who drinks alcohol), can you answer these 5 quick... spotted in february on top of il duomo in florence, italy incoming freshman, can someone tell me what the experience is like? incoming freshman, can someone tell me what the experience is like? backpacking across the country and i'm passing through newark right now.... 4th annual kids green festival at nccl school! (right next to the amtrak... hey reddit! i'm almost certain i'll be attending ud next year, but i rea... the stone balloon the stone balloon anyone know any details about tedxud? take my survey for a class. or don't. i really don't care. ud to participate in fourth annual international foursquare day in case you haven't already heard, the train hit another person. appare... in case you haven't already heard, the train hit another person. appare... lost cat awful quiet in here ... for a team headed to the sweet sixteen! awful quiet in here ... for a team headed to the sweet sixteen! awful quiet in here ... for a team headed to the sweet sixteen! choosing a meal plan... stabbing outside of kirkbride today looking for a cheap date before spring break? undergrad major advice! former blue hen gino gradkowski's latest behind the scenes look at the s... helicopter parents may cause depression according to a study released in... incoming freshman fall 2013-- which residence hall? lug@ud? lug@ud? question about neuroscience major some upcoming (local) events newark, delaware music scene? roller derby 5:30pm on 3/10 at christiana skating center to that kid on ud confessions that stole the scooby doo post from r/fun... to that kid on ud confessions that stole the scooby doo post from r/fun... microwaves on campus in places i can study? anyone on campus use t-mobile? how's the coverage? where can i find the new lay's chips around newark bob dylan coming to the bob on 4/12 bob dylan coming to the bob on 4/12 are there any buddhist temples in newark? need people to take this survey about bicycling and commuting in delaware. found in sharp lab bathroom found in sharp lab bathroom found in sharp lab bathroom off-campus housing for the summer newark rental market - general questions fraternities fraternities language minors hey, prospective students! google street view went through udel (includ... hey, prospective students! google street view went through udel (includ... tonight is open mic night at newark bike project! tonight is open mic night at newark bike project! ping pong tables on campus. is anyone else having problems with the internet in their rooms? 85$ just to do homework!? wtf! 85$ just to do homework!? wtf! flacco! flacco! flacco!  flacco! flacco! flacco!  flacco! flacco! flacco!  outside warner hall outside warner hall outside warner hall does anyone know if there is a base jumping and or skydiving club? what would be the best place to sell back my books?  young blue hen hottie submitted pics to chive.com guys i think someone hacked the ud website guys i think someone hacked the ud website guys i think someone hacked the ud website guys i think someone hacked the ud website what's the purpose of the light before tyre ave.? if anyone that lives off campus would fill out this survey for a project... ud fires football coach k.c. keeler ud fires football coach k.c. keeler hey guys, any tips for on campus employment? any information on petal and thorn?  anyone feel like talking? anyone wanna make udel in minecraft? anyone wanna make udel in minecraft? does anyone know a kacie buckingham? elena delle donne on the front page of espn.com elena delle donne on the front page of espn.com free movie! "revenge of the electric car" at ud's trabant theatre on thu... anyone else a fan of nadar? (aka the techno bus driver) anyone else a fan of nadar? (aka the techno bus driver) anyone else a fan of nadar? (aka the techno bus driver) anyone else a fan of nadar? (aka the techno bus driver) applying to udel from a nj community college. someone walk me through how to put my ud email on my iphone 4.... question for anyone who is taking/has took zondlo's organic chem did udel move their undergraduate application deadline back? if so, when... wanted: techie online schedule maker? anyone down for bong rips tonight? anyone down for bong rips tonight? ud student fatally shot in studio green apartment ud student fatally shot in studio green apartment ud student fatally shot in studio green apartment thinking of applying. what do you like and not like about udel? marine bioscience masters program admission "elanor," i have your ipod, and whomever's camera this is, i have your ... "elanor," i have your ipod, and whomever's camera this is, i have your ... so how about that train crash? i see this guy every tues/thurs in willard. fucks given:zero i see this guy every tues/thurs in willard. fucks given:zero i see this guy every tues/thurs in willard. fucks given:zero found this sign in smith above one of the benches, can not think of any ... she's coming for us. we better brush up on our karate.  course recommendations for next semester. please help!! classes canceled monday. be safe all. classes canceled monday. be safe all. idea. hurricane incoming, and cleaning up the city. idea. hurricane incoming, and cleaning up the city. newark traffic is ever more fucked. (xpost r/delaware) newark traffic is ever more fucked. (xpost r/delaware) newark traffic is ever more fucked. (xpost r/delaware) newark traffic is ever more fucked. (xpost r/delaware) newark traffic is ever more fucked. (xpost r/delaware) scumbag delaware weather [x-post from r/delaware] scumbag delaware weather [x-post from r/delaware] is there anywhere on campus or nearby campus to rent movies? memes in the news (with a ud professor!) udtella philosophy club? every day, everywhere for the past week. every day, everywhere for the past week. every day, everywhere for the past week. every day, everywhere for the past week. free parking anywhere? nutritional supplements in the little bob - survey for lead100 project. embody "the ud brand" ? honestly udel your corporate bullshit can fuck r... flag football refs needed  come to fall drop, oct 18th in trabant with two fresh headlining! how i feel walking down main street or through trabant how i feel walking down main street or through trabant apparently professor kramer passed away? apparently professor kramer passed away? apparently professor kramer passed away? til that the egg bagels at newark deli and bagels is just plain bagels ... til that the egg bagels at newark deli and bagels is just plain bagels ... is ud actually that strict about downloading torrents on their wifi? phys201 homecoming? homecoming? off-campus housing r/fcs is back up and running  comedy night at ud comedy night at ud channel list for campus tv? in case you didnt hear, orchard lounge will be coming to ud, thursday, o... anyone looking to buy a new backpack? i have a brand new tnf borealis in... for music nerds: joseph schwantner comes to ud i had the opportunity to fly on air force ii with joe biden. here is my... i had the opportunity to fly on air force ii with joe biden. here is my... that's grotto's pizza! that's grotto's pizza! that's grotto's pizza! thanks for coming! thanks for coming! not to complain, but what is with the tons of downvotes in the meetup t... not to complain, but what is with the tons of downvotes in the meetup t... best place to play pool? a reminder - the r/udel meetup is today! a reminder - the r/udel meetup is today! really slow internet? a flyer for the r/udel meetup! going to be posting 
this around town later a flyer for the r/udel meetup! going to be posting 
this around town later i don't always make typos on fliers that go up all over the dorms, but ... i don't always make typos on fliers that go up all over the dorms, but ... i don't always make typos on fliers that go up all over the dorms, but ... what i was thinking the other day.   what i was thinking the other day.   what i was thinking the other day.   spotted outside of trabant spotted outside of trabant spotted outside of trabant spotted outside of trabant spotted outside of trabant ud reddit college meetup ud reddit college meetup ud reddit college meetup vote for youdee! vote for youdee! megabus service to begin sept. 19 at university's laird campus megabus service to begin sept. 19 at university's laird campus dunkin on main st. was sporting some breaking bad pride today.  dunkin on main st. was sporting some breaking bad pride today.  just trying to connect to the internet... just trying to connect to the internet... just trying to connect to the internet... internet problems took three years of collecting,finally (almost) done! (x-post from r/pics) took three years of collecting,finally (almost) done! (x-post from r/pics) took three years of collecting,finally (almost) done! (x-post from r/pics) took three years of collecting,finally (almost) done! (x-post from r/pics) took three years of collecting,finally (almost) done! (x-post from r/pics) took three years of collecting,finally (almost) done! (x-post from r/pics) to everyone headed back to ud this week. to everyone headed back to ud this week. to everyone headed back to ud this week. to everyone headed back to ud this week. to everyone headed back to ud this week. found this in my new dorm room... sign of good things to come [x-post f... found this in my new dorm room... sign of good things to come [x-post f... police release photo of man exposing 
himself at ud [sfw] definitely a blue hen definitely a blue hen definitely a blue hen definitely a blue hen i'm the current cycling club president. anyone interested in road cycli... i'm the current cycling club president. anyone interested in road cycli... meet-up? meet-up? meet-up? good small animal/exotic vets in the area? i have guinea pigs. ima former ud ra amaa lab research job help switching dorms parking anyone living in harter this year? to loft or not to loft? what do you guys know about smyth hall? so...i got dickinson i'm an upcoming freshman at ud, what should i do for fun? best places on/near campus for a job the spam filter and you! the spam filter and you! question about software dear ud, we do not compare academically to schools like brown university... anyone else wake up and think this another blue hen in the nfl making us proud another blue hen in the nfl making us proud looking for an apartment becoming a graduate ta...how? found this today at morris. first i've seen of ud redditors irl... i'm ... found this today at morris. first i've seen of ud redditors irl... i'm ... found this today at morris. first i've seen of ud redditors irl... i'm ... found this today at morris. first i've seen of ud redditors irl... i'm ... campus pro tips campus pro tips video 1550 how i felt on campus today... how i felt on campus today... how i felt on campus today... how i felt on campus today... nothing but the classiest of bitches at ud class watcher is working again, in time for fall registration class watcher is working again, in time for fall registration anybody else crap themselves when morris plays the, 'library closing ann... anyone know what's up with the rent around here? need an apartment for next year? university of delaware sends letters home to parents warning them that ... university of delaware sends letters home to parents warning them that ... university of delaware sends letters home to parents warning them that ... so what's the deal with the new wall/construction in trabant? hey fellow ud redditors. anyone have a grill i can borrow? you can come ... looking for roommate for next school year lost wallet. will trade it's return for karma (and 
maybe some cash) so how's everyone like the area?  computer science at udel greek life sign up for humans vs zombies here  to the new london herds... stop fucking with trash cans. to the new london herds... stop fucking with trash cans. free rita's water ice for the first day of spring! ud women's basketball win the school's first ncaa tournament win! ud women's basketball win the school's first ncaa tournament win! ud women's basketball win the school's first ncaa tournament win! udso concerto winner's concert udance's final amount raised for the b+ foundation. so proud. udance's final amount raised for the b+ foundation. so proud. admitted applicant has physics/math questions. any of you on here take english 318? russell threat so... the udel buses wellspring and planned parenthood  scumbag ud and the statue scumbag ud and the statue scumbag ud and the statue scumbag ud and the statue just in case you were worried that your tuition wasn't being spent well! i'm the large, bearded man who's just spent 90 minutes yelling at kirkb... i'm the large, bearded man who's just spent 90 minutes yelling at kirkb... i'm the large, bearded man who's just spent 90 minutes yelling at kirkb... fencing at udel millions assumed dead in wilmington derailment (disclaimer: from the on... millions assumed dead in wilmington derailment (disclaimer: from the on... newark at 11pm friday night newark at 11pm friday night newark at 11pm friday night newark at 11pm friday night hvz is coming soon anyone else spot this guy on the website yet? scumbag stacy was a blue hen scumbag stacy was a blue hen yes ud that's exactly what i was looking for.  yes ud that's exactly what i was looking for.  yes ud that's exactly what i was looking for.  yes ud that's exactly what i was looking for.  yes ud that's exactly what i was looking for.  a redditor has been here... a redditor has been here... a redditor has been here... have you guys seen the facebook udel meme page? if anyone tries to talk to you about "good news" or a deity, run. if anyone tries to talk to you about "good news" or a deity, run. are you (or anyone you know) looking for housing spring semester? stopped by the ud police today stopped by the ud police today a day in the life - so well done!! a day in the life - so well done!! i'm not sure what's going on in memorial hall.. i'm not sure what's going on in memorial hall.. i'm not sure what's going on in memorial hall.. i'm not sure what's going on in memorial hall.. i'm not sure what's going on in memorial hall.. the main squeeze is open again need roommate by mid february (details inside) to the scumbag that broke into our campus house on christmas and stole a... the mills research computing lab. class watcher explained via rage comic class watcher explained via rage comic home many microbrew nuts do we have at ud? share your favorite beers, ba... my mom ran into this friendly fellow outside graham hall the past two d... my mom ran into this friendly fellow outside graham hall the past two d... lies!! [using chrome] lies!! [using chrome] lies!! [using chrome] lies!! [using chrome] saw this on campus. depressing bench is depressing. attempted kidnapping today... so, pizza u just finished their remodel, then this... so, pizza u just finished their remodel, then this... so, pizza u just finished their remodel, then this... 24 hour eateries near newark? anyone notice the upvote on the construction tower? anyone notice the upvote on the construction tower? anyone spot this sweet old couple riding down main street? anyone spot this sweet old couple riding down main street? keep it civil, please seriously. fuck this. seriously. fuck this. best and worst breadth requirements ud alum has possibly the 2 most awesome daily doubles in a row (x-post ... ud alum has possibly the 2 most awesome daily doubles in a row (x-post ... ud alum has possibly the 2 most awesome daily doubles in a row (x-post ... happy homecoming! happy homecoming! suicide attempt on library steps best bathroom/library study desk graffiti? let's get a list of udel problems, and balance them with something we li... religious flyers hopefully this means this asshole will let me walk to class in peace fr... hopefully this means this asshole will let me walk to class in peace fr... hopefully this means this asshole will let me walk to class in peace fr... hopefully this means this asshole will let me walk to class in peace fr... simple app i made a year ago, very rudimentary are you or anyone you know looking for housing spring semester? bicycle ride tomorrow through white clay creek? study areas? just sent in my first college application for ud! occupy delaware - general assembly meeting wednesday, 10/19, 7pm at the ... plug your favorite student organizations and things to do on campus! humans vs zombies at udel! let's bring a reddit presence to the zombie a... occupy delaware! 2nd general assembly meeting 10/12 @ 7pm in newark. (x-... was browsing ratemyprofessors, this guy sounds fun 4chan blocked...? free parking anywhere? where is your favorite poop spot on campus? where is your favorite poop spot on campus? woohoo! we're #8 in the country! wait, what? woohoo! we're #8 in the country! wait, what? there's a udel sc2 tournament that's about to start, sign up if you're ... there's a udel sc2 tournament that's about to start, sign up if you're ... conference and concert on energy and sustainability this thursday, frida... good apartments for married undergrads cross burning, wtf? looking for class suggestions? looking for class suggestions? gaming community on campus? gaming community on campus? the trabant webcam is down the trabant webcam is down ud's secret snowboard/ski club quick advice hey blue hens, r/delaware's sadistic_sponge is hosting a reddit meetup a... good group c classes? deltones to appear on nbc's "the sing off" deltones to appear on nbc's "the sing off" do people say udel? "the cleveland show" gives a shout out to the university of delaware. (... "the cleveland show" gives a shout out to the university of delaware. (... "the cleveland show" gives a shout out to the university of delaware. (... c'mon ud! c'mon ud! new graduation year look &amp; feel favorite place to grab a drink near campus? ud football set to play villanova at ppl park (philadelphia union's hom... ud football set to play villanova at ppl park (philadelphia union's hom... musicians? hey, i saw your message on the third floor bathroom stall of the library ivyfest? good luck on your finals next week! blue hens, what do you think is really going on with this whole men's tr... possibly transferring to udel for fall 2011. what do you guys do? want your graduation year?  post in this thread. anyone at the reddit party at timothy's (wilmington) a couple of weeks a... check out tweed - they're a band of ud students, playing wednesday at mo... lets start gathering subscribers to this reddit did anyone go to haiti fest last weekend? cool things to do in newark tublr of sleeping asians at ud physics 207 book, unopened for sale joe flacco's agent: 'no sympathy' some lady just got out of her car on main st. saying there was a bomb in... ud harlem shake!  we have a new provost.  delaware party vid (sweet) does anyone know where i can find a guitar tutor on campus? students respond to gop convention best kept secrets of ud? question about computers where should i go on campus to meet people? success kid on greek week at ud i know this is slightly frowned upon but... which one of you did i see today? 2011 grad, still unemployed. contemplating suicide, else leaving the us ... two textbooks to sell for phys145 i don't know how everyone else feels, but this is possibly my happiest u... is it alright to bang an asian girl? x-post from /r/pics. of all the things related to this subreddit to get ... i don't always get food from trabant harrington gym first world problem anyone else hate this place? wall of shame so this happened last night outside deer park last night