 so just how long does the bus to campus take? dance classes at uf? anyone majoring in zoology at ufl? stay classy... stay classy... your application for admission to the university of florida for the fall... college grad looking for sublease so i can enter the real world :) 1/1 in a 4/4 at canopy sublet for summer c waiting to hear back on transfer status from fsu- couple of questions. siblings... i cannot believe they are brother and sister. siblings... i cannot believe they are brother and sister. what are the best 1 bedroom apartments that are affordable? is the work at uf really all that difficult? can i leave my motorcycle (with a current permit sticker) over night in ... how nice are beaty towers? female roommate needed ever wonder what being a college mascot is like? come ask a former univ... ever wonder what being a college mascot is like? come ask a former univ... how can i make uf work financially? trying to decide between graham, murphree, and tolbert, what do you thin... what are the odds of getting the appartment in sledd or simpson? looking for up to 3 more dota 2 ever wonder what it's like to be a mascot at a large university? a form... ever wonder what it's like to be a mascot at a large university? a form... if you're interested in doing a 5k and/or love dogs, check out the conti... i could use a neutral opinion. which is better, ucf or um? undercover police on campus. undercover police on campus. undercover police on campus. summer sublease @ the courtyards, walking distance to campus $450 just got accepted, and i'm sifting through greek life forums. what are t... yeah, we're still at it. check out issue 3 of the crocodile! now with im... house near midtown for sublease! gainesville market research "possible shot fired" at gator city? anyone know what happened? "possible shot fired" at gator city? anyone know what happened? al and judy warrington have pledged $75 million to the warrington colle... al and judy warrington have pledged $75 million to the warrington colle... al and judy warrington have pledged $75 million to the warrington colle... why don't they allow postbacc programs for second bachelor's degrees any... help! uf or ucf excel program? should i be angry or impressed? uf student government has the same leve... should i be angry or impressed? uf student government has the same leve... should i be angry or impressed? uf student government has the same leve... i got accepted into uf and i am interested in housing. what are the best... applied for transfer, have some serious questions. late graduation application is smokin notes enough for geb3035? research opportunities in gainesville? uf professor cops plea in voyeurism case has anyone done the online bs business admin program? 1/1 summer sublease in a 2/1 inspirational or moving uf stories, past or present the fall of bambooville...again what apartments work for a graduate student letters of recommendation from professors not in your major? social justice issue: want to help pass medical marijuana in florida? re... tips for a visitor i think i figured out who i'm voting for in the student government elec... i think i figured out who i'm voting for in the student government elec... national society of collegiate scholars?? what is the most common language for computer science classes at uf? i got accepted into uf and now i am faced with a choice: ucf vs uf. ple... i got accepted into uf and now i am faced with a choice: ucf vs uf. ple... survey for advertising campaigns class. just got accepted! some specific questions. joining in on (house) parties? will uf accept me as a tranfer student? and if so will they provide fina... confused about online acceptance what are each of the dorms known for? (partying, strict rules, geeks, no... can we get an advice thread going for all the new baby gators? (myself ... can we get an advice thread going for all the new baby gators? (myself ... can we get an advice thread going for all the new baby gators? (myself ... is transferring from sante fe to uf worth it? any of you guys in the innovation academy? i just got in and i was wonde... common's freestyle at uf 2.13.14 common's freestyle at uf 2.13.14 internship opportunities at intel for ee students friends? local elections oh snap got my first parking ticket. does anyone know how to successfully appeal? out-of-state grad student needs help finding housing looking for a roommate if i fail a course does it count toward my total credit hours i need for... 3/2 summer sublease in royal village are test banks frowned upon at uf? academy5. a new uf startup. academy5. a new uf startup. locally created game demo at turlington plaza on feb 5. sgp presents j.cole featuring chance the rapper - february 27th at the ... sgp presents j.cole featuring chance the rapper - february 27th at the ... taco libre - the party everyone is taco'ing about! taco libre - the party everyone is taco'ing about! taco libre - the party everyone is taco'ing about! uf annual report for fiscal year 2013 uf annual report for fiscal year 2013 best places that deliver to campus? now hiring! campus ambassadors at uf awesome viral marketing on campus for the uz concert tonight where to dorm as a sophomore j. cole gator stompin' groupon on sale today are there any uf online students here? yet another apartment thread - could use your advice! falling gators skydiving club meeting monday @ 6. come learn to skydive!! uf: then-and-now... it's great to be a florida gator! uf: then-and-now... it's great to be a florida gator! uf: then-and-now... it's great to be a florida gator! uf: then-and-now... it's great to be a florida gator! could use some insight article about legal firearms on uf's campus, the ufpd's free gun storag... article about legal firearms on uf's campus, the ufpd's free gun storag... what are the best local restaurants in gainesville? what are the best local restaurants in gainesville? second edition of the crocodile now out! now with back page. read about... second edition of the crocodile now out! now with back page. read about... best student apartment complex? best student apartment complex? i am hosting an open house about sustainability and organic gardening, a... coupon book anyone know what's going on with all the cops near the hub? new anonymous social media network launching at uf called umentioned aero and mech engineering majors question for comp. eng/ comp. sci. students i'm a recovering alcoholic looking to transfer to uf. i fucked up in cc ... uf sketch comedy auditions best place to get a haircut? best places to volunteer in gainesville? getting access to uf's wifi for the 3ds system? best italian restuarant in gainesville? tonight: alexis ohanian, co-founder of reddit! tonight: alexis ohanian, co-founder of reddit! get a little buzz on in-between classes anyone? does anyone know the keycode to the practice rooms in the college of music? is there any way to bypass uf's 9-credit summer requirement? alligator article about my bro and his new movie alligator article about my bro and his new movie signed a lease for cabana beach apartments next year... majoring in chemistry vs chemical engineering gainesville place apartments new transloc app with new features released (ios only) new transloc app with new features released (ios only) transfer student questions dropping lab during second week? living on campus after living off campus? sophomore looking for research president's list? i'm taking a girl out to dinner, any really cool/unique places? anyone selling a h-itt transponder? is isis down for anyone? found cat around the corner of 18th and nw 3rd place found cat around the corner of 18th and nw 3rd place found: pokemon x cartridge at broward dining composition courses any easy social and behavioral science classes? best way to find a private tutoring job? has anyone taken these classes online from ufl? chm2045/chm2045, phy2048... clearwater marine aquarium internship: thoughts? transfer fall 2014 decision date? looking to fill a third bedroom in a downtown apartment beginning aug 2014 jobs in/around campus? dunder mifflin loves us dunder mifflin loves us dunder mifflin loves us dunder mifflin loves us dunder mifflin loves us dunder mifflin loves us dunder mifflin loves us dunder mifflin loves us dunder mifflin loves us how is mul2010 (online)? any bored yet talented web developers or cs majors at ufl looking to mak... is anyone active in the alumni gator club? microwaves on campus? looking for a new apartment! help me gainesville friends! question about the gainesville local music scene. question about the gainesville local music scene. anyone have that iclicker2? i need it. gainesville on new year's eve? best bathrooms on campus let's win uf a special screening of the wolf of wall street! voting end... let's win uf a special screening of the wolf of wall street! voting end... has anyone got treated at the student dental clinic? good apartments downtown? how easy is fos3042, intro to food science? uf webmail/office 365 is down on the last day of semester. uf webmail/office 365 is down on the last day of semester. i need a easy online humanities class! any ideas?? rendering of new dorms to be built by yulee rendering of new dorms to be built by yulee best place to explore while high in gainesville he lost control of his bladder... jacob hammer tests $400/1br-subleasing 1/1 in a 4/4 apt-$400 a month w/utilities included sewage treatment on museum rd? question about failing out working on my uf application. anyone have any tips on the statement of i... one of my favorite pictures i've taken of the tower one of my favorite pictures i've taken of the tower gainesville, fl getting some jeopardy love gainesville, fl getting some jeopardy love gainesville, fl getting some jeopardy love gainesville, fl getting some jeopardy love gainesville, fl getting some jeopardy love uf preview episode 1 of "off university", a series made by uf students. privacy of counseling services? privacy of counseling services? holiday concert tonight chick-fil-a to open next to broward dining, replacing former burger king chick-fil-a to open next to broward dining, replacing former burger king chick-fil-a to open next to broward dining, replacing former burger king chick-fil-a to open next to broward dining, replacing former burger king calculus 2 and premed anybody have extreme weather notes? i'm wanting to live in a house next year (close to campus) any suggestio... the house of gnar: 3br-2ba looking for a sublet for the master bed/priva... soooooo, i'm the enemy and i'm coming over for the game, meetup? how do student tickets work for football games? the crocodile: we inform. you accept. the crocodile: we inform. you accept. the crocodile: we inform. you accept. the crocodile: we inform. you accept. weed smell on campus? question about what is the good life... problems with school wi-fi and windows 8? planning to transfer to uf bitcoins what are the best/worst shands volunteering areas? uf is migrating email services to office 365 in the coming year. is any... uf is migrating email services to office 365 in the coming year. is any... uf is migrating email services to office 365 in the coming year. is any... any current or former statistics majors in here? what 4000 level stats c... [arena lan*fest 2013 (winter)] : lanparty recommendations for electives as a biology major? downtown art fest downtown art fest interested in uf track for discus cave orchestra concert tonight orchestra concert tonight rooms for rent alligator front page from a couple years back alligator front page from a couple years back alligator front page from a couple years back gator mountain challenge: do stadiums, fight breast cancer! how's the interior design program? hazing roof access? roof access? bambooville a resolution in support of tuition equity for undocumented students was ... what is the good life? spring/summer sub-lease college park how do you apply to give out campus tours? group involvement [lan and dota 2 tournament] (x-post from /r/dota2) a short survey for a statistics project what are your favorite restaurants in gainesville? what are your favorite restaurants in gainesville? what are your favorite restaurants in gainesville? spring sub-lease in a great location. i just got accepted to usf, ucf and im awaiting a replay from uf. why sh... any uf people wanna go dumpster diving? any uf people wanna go dumpster diving? i get randomly disconnect/frozen internet every 30 minutes or so. i can'... distance of running one lap at the swamp? question about sars for undergrad application food app android early testers needed! uf photography? does anyone know about the man with the pvc cross that yells at people? good place to put up fliers? transfering to uf bill nye will be speaking at the phillips center november 21! bill nye will be speaking at the phillips center november 21! bill nye will be speaking at the phillips center november 21! bill nye will be speaking at the phillips center november 21! bill nye will be speaking at the phillips center november 21! anyone play runescape? generation sketch comedy's latest vid: "wrecking reitz" generation sketch comedy's latest vid: "wrecking reitz" my friend lost her gator 1. is there a help desk/lost and found she can ... graphic abortion photos in turlington 10/16/2013 graphic abortion photos in turlington 10/16/2013 cheapest round trip bus fare: gnv -&gt; mia? happy corndog day! come watch uf take on fsu in ultimate frisbee. tomorrow at 7. anyone interested in mountain biking? any sand volleyball players on here? anyone interested in firms at atlanta? gators 2013 stats visualized gators 2013 stats visualized how fast do tickets for the fl/ga game go? plane crash at flavet field (passengers are ok) plane crash at flavet field (passengers are ok) plane crash at flavet field (passengers are ok) a geico insurance banner-carrying plane has crashed into flavet field. n... fast-a-thon's breaking bad parody promo video exxon mobil internship does anyone know anyone selling their one republic ticket for the sgp co... looking for a good qb for our 7 on 7 flag football team. orchestra concert thursday anyone selling a student ticket to the arkansas game this weekend? process for buying football tickets? university annual evaluations prospective new student looking for some help with tickets anyone ever deal with petitioning for a withdraw after the drop/add dead... uf veterinary prof accused of secretly videotaping students uf veterinary prof accused of secretly videotaping students cool your beer in a minute. a kickstarter by 2 ufl guys cool your beer in a minute. a kickstarter by 2 ufl guys cool your beer in a minute. a kickstarter by 2 ufl guys connectivity in uf uf housing? bleed orange and blue blood drive this week!!! does uf swipe student ids for football games? anyone on campus have an xbox version of gtav? i got my bumper nicked again... i'm getting bummed out- really fast. does uf have a fantasy book club? if not, would anyone be interested in ... has anyone here dealt with admissions appeals? what was your experiance? scales at uf a phi o? uf now a top 50 school uf now a top 50 school uf now a top 50 school uf now a top 50 school where to get a new alumni card anyone, or place having a lol worlds viewing party? election season is upon us yet again. any comments on how to make it suc... today someone in my statistics class wore a university of miami shirt. ... today someone in my statistics class wore a university of miami shirt. ... best time to go to southwest recreation center? filing a formal complaint? should i apply, or should i just not waste my time? repeatedly being asked to reinstall the safeconnect policy key. where is the closest place i can find unprotected wifi on or off campus? uf is on the reddit tour! uf is on the reddit tour! uf is on the reddit tour! uf is on the reddit tour! uf is on the reddit tour! uf is on the reddit tour! i can't wait for fl/ga i can't wait for fl/ga what places are good to study at? tuition refund direct deposit... how long does it really take? television options? tallit at hillel clubs to join?? textbook price comparison tool private area on campus? private area on campus? lost wallet, need help. anybody in a single dorm want to trade for an apartment style in beaty? university of florida norml: first meeting on september 4th at 8 pm at ... university of florida norml: first meeting on september 4th at 8 pm at ... just transferred to uf, what are some clubs to join? also, what are some... when does financial aid disburse? attention gainesville area arsenal fc fans chances of getting a room transfer? tutoringzone just opened up a new location and launched a new website. i... how to send and receive your uf email from gmail how to send and receive your uf email from gmail old article, but i think it is very very useful (especially for new stud... live off-campus, need parking advice. what classes use h-itt clicker? florida ultimate need to rent a suit anyone workout at sw rec and need a workout partner? where is a place on or by campus that you can see stars from? preferably... who can get an orange parking decal? parking pass for fall what to do now and in between when classes start? gnv enjoyed, hope you do ufl, go gators! student loan request the swamp made it to the top of r/getmotivated! the swamp made it to the top of r/getmotivated! the swamp made it to the top of r/getmotivated! the swamp made it to the top of r/getmotivated! microwave food on campus? anyone in gainesville feeling spontaneous? lets go hiking in the linvil... anyone in gainesville feeling spontaneous? lets go hiking in the linvil... bike advice i am moving and need apartment advice. looking for a hole puncher! best way to meet people? what time do dining halls open in the fall? cross post from r/gnv: house show saturday august 3rd featuring the dupp... cheap/free food on campus + hacks cheap/free food on campus + hacks napping on campus need a comp sci./ce-ee class as a freshman for fall. any suggestions? study edge pdfs on ipad? try to stay off private property if exploring creeks try to stay off private property if exploring creeks try to stay off private property if exploring creeks taking cda3101 cop3530 and cop4600. what am in for? how hard is organic chemistry lab? just another roomate search. we made the front page. (x-post from /r/gam... did it happen again this year or what? did it happen again this year or what? did it happen again this year or what? this always happens. &gt;:( does anybody need to sublease a room in a ho... [dota 2 pubstomp] in case you need any help getting excited for football in case you need any help getting excited for football whats nightlife like for under 21 students? trying to get a job part-time (premed background) , any advice or tips t... bad tackle upd blames officers for not citing deputy chief's son for dui upd blames officers for not citing deputy chief's son for dui does anyone have a copy of "the last of us" that they'd be willing to le... anyone else have their predicted student loans disappear? freshman calculus 2 or 3? wildlife ecology vs english as a transfer? football tickets hey uf i need your help! hey uf i need your help! anyone have plants, gardens, and you???? torrenting on uf servers how closely do they look at gator1s as you get into the student section ... any casual tennis players at uf? what are some must do things for freshman? cop 3504 questions (advanced programming fundamentals) anyone who lives/has lived in buckman hall what's going on for the 4th? for any freshmen interested in joining the club ultimate team. gamers of uf! we're hosting another lan/tournament in the tampa bay area... just did a transfer application, why does uf want my irs 1040? smells like teen spirit smells like teen spirit smells like teen spirit smells like teen spirit smells like teen spirit smells like teen spirit smells like teen spirit what classes would you choose to take? swampfest is back! can anybody tell me of some good (or bad to avoid) housing complexes wit... uf ph.d. economics program denied funding, forced to downsize uf ph.d. economics program denied funding, forced to downsize any redditers at preview double major in computer science and digital arts and sciences? saturday is global reddit meetup day. come join the /r/gnv meetup! the giant dancing statue in plaza of the americas came down this morning the giant dancing statue in plaza of the americas came down this morning the giant dancing statue in plaza of the americas came down this morning the giant dancing statue in plaza of the americas came down this morning the giant dancing statue in plaza of the americas came down this morning the giant dancing statue in plaza of the americas came down this morning the giant dancing statue in plaza of the americas came down this morning the giant dancing statue in plaza of the americas came down this morning gainesville restore the fourth demonstration hey mods, maybe you should put a couple of these "freshman advice" link... hey mods, maybe you should put a couple of these "freshman advice" link... any advice for preview/an incoming freshman? smokin' notes help? foodie in gainesville? read this! how hard are calculus 1 and chemistry 1? does anyone know what uf does with all those abandoned/stripped bikes af... looking for 3000/4000 level electives for fall 2013. hp lovecraft makes an appearance in sakai i'm so fucking bored. what is there to do here during the summer? i'm so fucking bored. what is there to do here during the summer? psa: if you have a scooter, make sure it's insured. need a decent online humanities for the summer looking for someone to take over my lease incoming freshman here... meal plan help? good semester! good semester! good semester! good semester! good semester! good semester! plan to fund j. wayne reitz union renovations dies plan to fund j. wayne reitz union renovations dies just a friendly reminder for finals week... just a friendly reminder for finals week... just a friendly reminder for finals week... just a friendly reminder for finals week... just a friendly reminder for finals week... generation sketch comedy's 'making it reitz' generation sketch comedy's 'making it reitz' generation sketch comedy's 'making it reitz' question about summer b courses for premed track? econ majors: what's the difference between getting it through the colleg... had to make a last minute choice to uf, the other school didn't work out... off campus my freshman year? anybody looking for a place this summer anyone subleasing/need a roommate for next year? are there classes inside or outside of uf for graphic design related top... league of legends uf league of legends uf do you smoke? uf psychology's smoke lab needs your help. do you smoke? uf psychology's smoke lab needs your help. has anyone on r/ufl transferred to uf from another university in florida... free dance show tomorrow! also, where to get post-show appetizers and dr... visiting for grad school i need to get one of two classes by fall to still be on track with my ma... isis registration helper chrome extension now works for summer / fall looking to rent a room in the university/34th neighborhood woodland terr... it doesn't matter how you feel about gun control; this is pure fear mong... some of you guys liked our sketch "the eulogist" here's another one "mil... does anybody know of easy/fun 4000-level math courses? help for off-campus housing for an incoming exchange student does anyone know of an easy class that counts for at least 2000 words? what's with all the tribal warriors camping outside stadium west? what's with all the tribal warriors camping outside stadium west? the 40-year secret behind basketball's 'hershberger' award (uf professor... it's that time of year again: summer sublease posts are coming anyone else find niel degrasse tyson's event disappointing? anyone else find niel degrasse tyson's event disappointing? university of florida, shands notifying 14,339 patients they may be the ... what does it mean to be a florida gator? what does it mean to be a florida gator? ticket to neil degrasse tyson speech just saw this on campus and had to share... just saw this on campus and had to share... just saw this on campus and had to share... just saw this on campus and had to share... just saw this on campus and had to share... i need some serious help with a dropped class and advising. in case you missed cinderella getting bent over. in case you missed cinderella getting bent over. in case you missed cinderella getting bent over. in case you missed cinderella getting bent over. in case you missed cinderella getting bent over. questions on rooming in lakeside for summer b the gators' reaction to making the sweet 16 the gators' reaction to making the sweet 16 the gators' reaction to making the sweet 16 the gators' reaction to making the sweet 16 the gators' reaction to making the sweet 16 where can i study on a saturday? has anyone appealed a parking ticket?  reminder: campus aa meeting at noon on wednesdays your school is where i plan to go. what should i know about. i plan to c... sg and accent bringing neil degrasse tyson to uf! sg and accent bringing neil degrasse tyson to uf! sg and accent bringing neil degrasse tyson to uf! sg and accent bringing neil degrasse tyson to uf! sg and accent bringing neil degrasse tyson to uf! uf symphony orchestra and dance alive ballet this saturday campus aa meeting on wednesdays at noon. campus aa meeting on wednesdays at noon. campus aa meeting on wednesdays at noon. campus aa meeting on wednesdays at noon. campus aa meeting on wednesdays at noon. imgur slow on campus? meanwhile at fsu... meanwhile at fsu... meanwhile at fsu... meanwhile at fsu... university scholars program exam week question off campus housing near shands? uf orchestra concert tonight uf orchestra concert tonight hey guys, i made this video in a class to promote phoenix animal rescue,... quiet place for phone interviews? quiet place for phone interviews? florida man!  the world's worst super hero! florida man!  the world's worst super hero! some of the entertaining write-ins for sg elections. some of the entertaining write-ins for sg elections. some of the entertaining write-ins for sg elections. got into innovation academy!! ...what is it? i'm taking an information design class and am gathering some data about... i'm taking an information design class and am gathering some data about... got bored and mocked up a better-looking rts app. got bored and mocked up a better-looking rts app. got bored and mocked up a better-looking rts app. got bored and mocked up a better-looking rts app. got bored and mocked up a better-looking rts app. i'm an incoming freshman and i'm just wondering if it's "worth it" to pa... website about uf's "system." is this really how it is at uf?  website about uf's "system." is this really how it is at uf?  my family moved to georgia last year, now i have to pay out of state tui... official uf harlem shake - turlington plaza official uf harlem shake - turlington plaza official uf harlem shake - turlington plaza official uf harlem shake - turlington plaza official uf harlem shake - turlington plaza iama uf student senator. ask me anything! iama uf student senator. ask me anything! "where to go" ra music video  albert does the harlem shake what's something every freshman should know coming to uf? any advice for... harlem shake at uf vs. uk basketball game harlem shake at uf vs. uk basketball game harlem shake at uf vs. uk basketball game harlem shake at uf vs. uk basketball game funny, informative song for freshmen. my submission for the college t-shirt design contest on threadless. my submission for the college t-shirt design contest on threadless. my submission for the college t-shirt design contest on threadless. my submission for the college t-shirt design contest on threadless. my submission for the college t-shirt design contest on threadless. my submission for the college t-shirt design contest on threadless. my submission for the college t-shirt design contest on threadless. a vintage albert the alligator... kind of creepy.. a vintage albert the alligator... kind of creepy.. a vintage albert the alligator... kind of creepy.. a vintage albert the alligator... kind of creepy.. a vintage albert the alligator... kind of creepy.. what are some good off-campus housing options? please don't judge an incoming freshman: sports tickets? how do i appeal my application and any tips and suggestions. know of anywhere on campus hiring part time for students? deferred to gator engineering @ santa fe and have a few questions.  job posting - uf pediatrics - ops it support technician any info or tips for the appeal process? posted this in gnv but i thought i might try here too! i was wondering i... accepted into the summer b term instead of the fall. why? so my little brother didn't get in but he's going to appeal. does anyone... i could not be more excited to hear from uf's decision on my acceptance... i could not be more excited to hear from uf's decision on my acceptance... lpt: register your bike with ufpd. here's one reason why. housing advice needed for incoming exchange student! uf mobile app no longer available want to take my girl somewhere special on a date, wheres a good place fo... what is there to do in gainesville for the superbowl? in light of beta theta pi's recent development in light of beta theta pi's recent development in light of beta theta pi's recent development rush move to gainesville i owe r/ufl a big thank you. and a tip for incoming freshman... i owe r/ufl a big thank you. and a tip for incoming freshman... i owe r/ufl a big thank you. and a tip for incoming freshman... local gamer lan [x-post from /r/gnv] plans for the new reitz plans for the new reitz plans for the new reitz neil degrasse tyson set to give a free talk at uf on april 3rd! neil degrasse tyson set to give a free talk at uf on april 3rd! neil degrasse tyson set to give a free talk at uf on april 3rd! neil degrasse tyson set to give a free talk at uf on april 3rd! neil degrasse tyson set to give a free talk at uf on april 3rd! neil degrasse tyson set to give a free talk at uf on april 3rd! neil degrasse tyson set to give a free talk at uf on april 3rd! neil degrasse tyson set to give a free talk at uf on april 3rd! neil degrasse tyson set to give a free talk at uf on april 3rd! ucf vs uf for mecheng. prospective transfer student with aa. need help g... i've worked at the rietz for 4 years. ama i've worked at the rietz for 4 years. ama just in case you forgot that only gators get out alive (x-post pics) just in case you forgot that only gators get out alive (x-post pics) just in case you forgot that only gators get out alive (x-post pics) anyone know what happened to this painting in a tree by little hall? anyone know what happened to this painting in a tree by little hall? anyone know what happened to this painting in a tree by little hall? if you see one of these, so you'll know what to do did you see this week's family guy? did you see this week's family guy? did you see this week's family guy? did you see this week's family guy? did you see this week's family guy? did you see this week's family guy? did you see this week's family guy? how many copies of "service installer" do you have in your downloads fo... how many copies of "service installer" do you have in your downloads fo... i am looking to book musicians/bands (x-post from gnv) does anyone know where the hell matherly 151 is? how about a uf reddit meetup next month? fsu war horse . . . fsu war horse . . . fsu war horse . . . fsu war horse . . . fsu war horse . . . fsu war horse . . . fsu war horse . . . you can look at fall 2012 final grades through the isis mobile site. you can look at fall 2012 final grades through the isis mobile site. you can look at fall 2012 final grades through the isis mobile site. you can look at fall 2012 final grades through the isis mobile site. uf student invents "bird buggy" to keep his pet parrot quiet (x-post fr... uf student invents "bird buggy" to keep his pet parrot quiet (x-post fr... uf student invents "bird buggy" to keep his pet parrot quiet (x-post fr... does anyone know why the sky is always red at night around here? just found this cool photo of the engineering school from a once-humble... just found this cool photo of the engineering school from a once-humble... just found this cool photo of the engineering school from a once-humble... every single time. every single time. every single time. every single time. every single time. every single time. every single time. every single time. every single time. every single time. every single time. i am the general manager at tutoringzone, ama! i am the general manager at tutoringzone, ama! i am the general manager at tutoringzone, ama! the gators will face louisville and old coach charlie strong in the all... the gators will face louisville and old coach charlie strong in the all... thinking about living in a house next year, better or worse than an apar... who is this mysterious fan cyber monday ticket deals - gatorzone.com florida men's basketball postgame celebration after beating wisconsin florida men's basketball postgame celebration after beating wisconsin florida men's basketball postgame celebration after beating wisconsin join the dropbox space race at uf and get free storage space for all! join the dropbox space race at uf and get free storage space for all! join the dropbox space race at uf and get free storage space for all! lake alice boat ride! lake alice boat ride! three dogs missing. please keep an eye out for them. (x-post from /gnv) any zoo/ans gators looking for a job? are there any good parks or trails are there any good parks or trails leave it to our frats to start a controversy... does anyone know how student ticket upgrades work when you hold season t... are student ids required for the georgia game? found on campus while tailgating...  found on campus while tailgating...  found on campus while tailgating...  found on campus while tailgating...  "because the critics are right, if on-the-field results are the most im... "because the critics are right, if on-the-field results are the most im... "because the critics are right, if on-the-field results are the most im... albert murphy statue was full of team spirit for the game! uf league of legends, i come in peace xd ...just... coach boom... ...just... coach boom... ...just... coach boom... ...just... coach boom... i sound like a n00b, but can someone please tell me how to connect my uf... one student ticket needed florida vs. south carolina. so those blue trees in turlington? yeah, that cost $22,000... so those blue trees in turlington? yeah, that cost $22,000... so those blue trees in turlington? yeah, that cost $22,000... so those blue trees in turlington? yeah, that cost $22,000... so those blue trees in turlington? yeah, that cost $22,000... the great dropbox space race! - enter your ufl.edu email for more free ... the great dropbox space race! - enter your ufl.edu email for more free ... the great dropbox space race! - enter your ufl.edu email for more free ... public speaking vs. effective oral communication as a student season ticket holder, how do we order or when can we order ... food challenges in gville? (xpost from gnv) x-post r/gifs: steve irwin &amp; albert x-post r/gifs: steve irwin &amp; albert x-post r/gifs: steve irwin &amp; albert x-post r/gifs: steve irwin &amp; albert x-post r/gifs: steve irwin &amp; albert x-post r/gifs: steve irwin &amp; albert x-post r/gifs: steve irwin &amp; albert x-post r/gifs: steve irwin &amp; albert x-post r/gifs: steve irwin &amp; albert advice on business minors (and on minors in general)? this wednesday at noon at the law school, the uf federalist society and ... hey mods! we want this image in our sidebar! hey mods! we want this image in our sidebar! hey mods! we want this image in our sidebar! hey mods! we want this image in our sidebar! hey mods! we want this image in our sidebar! hey mods! we want this image in our sidebar! uf has exceeded $1.5 billion fundraising goal, machen says it's a "heck ... sell me on your college! (xpost x9001) uf ranked #3 party school by playboy, #2 in best investments by smartmoney uf ranked #3 party school by playboy, #2 in best investments by smartmoney uf ranked #3 party school by playboy, #2 in best investments by smartmoney uf ranked #3 party school by playboy, #2 in best investments by smartmoney uf ranked #3 party school by playboy, #2 in best investments by smartmoney police: suspect in christian aguilar case bought shovel, duct tape befo... police: suspect in christian aguilar case bought shovel, duct tape befo... uf student christian aguilar missing since 9/20/2012 uf student christian aguilar missing since 9/20/2012 uf student christian aguilar missing since 9/20/2012 bus routes or other transportation to get from on campus to lake wauburg? free of montreal show "sells out" while people like this capitalize.  lets see... where does fsugraduates.com redirect to? lets see... where does fsugraduates.com redirect to? lets see... where does fsugraduates.com redirect to? late-night fire in beaty towers leads to student evacuation since the first round of mid-terms are among us, i have a few words of ... since the first round of mid-terms are among us, i have a few words of ... since the first round of mid-terms are among us, i have a few words of ... lsat test center on campus? supreme court justice thomas criticizes law school rankings during talk ... i'm considering coming to gainesville next year to go to school. have a ... u.s. news &amp; world report ranks uf no. 54 (second in sec) after hate crime, uf students plan march against hate grad student seriously injured in mystery incident  internship opportunities for science, engineering, or business-related ... internship opportunities for science, engineering, or business-related ... solar panels to save uf money visit the official r/floridagators football game thread: florida gators ... student-targeted adderall substitute poses health risks student-targeted adderall substitute poses health risks childish gambino and hoodie allen free show @ flavet field 9/28! childish gambino and hoodie allen free show @ flavet field 9/28! childish gambino and hoodie allen free show @ flavet field 9/28! michelle obama to speak at uf on monday michelle obama to speak at uf on monday michelle obama to speak at uf on monday michelle obama to speak at uf on monday michelle obama to speak at uf on monday for the love of arts. can i see those nude models uf? uf police investigate gay slur etched into law professor's car www.ufrejects.com redirects to fsu.edu lol www.ufrejects.com redirects to fsu.edu lol www.ufrejects.com redirects to fsu.edu lol www.ufrejects.com redirects to fsu.edu lol www.ufrejects.com redirects to fsu.edu lol www.ufrejects.com redirects to fsu.edu lol name change for reitz union? name change for reitz union? the state of tutoringzone? lake wauburg adventure race?  environmental engineering majors: what has your experience been like? hey gators! we made a website (influenced by our favorite site, you will... turlington flash mob- gangnam style dance turlington flash mob- gangnam style dance turlington flash mob- gangnam style dance reddit college meetupday i'm thinking about transferring to uf. any advice? picking up football tickets? turlington dancing guy has been booted off campus. turlington dancing guy has been booted off campus. turlington dancing guy has been booted off campus. turlington dancing guy has been booted off campus. should i do ippd? gym buddy?  someone to guilt me into going to the gym?  both?  bacon. fraternity information? "now approaching the hub. *ding* stop requested." "now approaching the hub. *ding* stop requested." "now approaching the hub. *ding* stop requested." "now approaching the hub. *ding* stop requested." "now approaching the hub. *ding* stop requested." "now approaching the hub. *ding* stop requested." with a new school year, comes new ideas. i have one in regards to flair... with a new school year, comes new ideas. i have one in regards to flair... first day of school, good luck everyone! first day of school, good luck everyone! check out my new local gnv start-up - the daily hundred. we give away mo... let's vote em' up! go gators! let's vote em' up! go gators! let's vote em' up! go gators! haile sinkhole eats jeep! haile sinkhole eats jeep! feels good(to be a florida gator), man. [xpost pics] feels good(to be a florida gator), man. [xpost pics] feels good(to be a florida gator), man. [xpost pics] feels good(to be a florida gator), man. [xpost pics] feels good(to be a florida gator), man. [xpost pics] feels good(to be a florida gator), man. [xpost pics] feels good(to be a florida gator), man. [xpost pics] if you want a no-bullshit, stripped down version of the uf website to f... if you want a no-bullshit, stripped down version of the uf website to f... meetup! motorcycle/scooter riders how safe do you feel riding in gville? free microsoft office 2010 download for uf students!!! free microsoft office 2010 download for uf students!!! free microsoft office 2010 download for uf students!!! transfer questions! new student organization to use arduino and encourage startups questions about taking the gmg trader joe's coming to butler plaza! trader joe's coming to butler plaza! trader joe's coming to butler plaza! trader joe's coming to butler plaza! trader joe's coming to butler plaza! forbes:america's top colleges - uf is highest ranked in florida, only t... forbes:america's top colleges - uf is highest ranked in florida, only t... i was a compsci major, and now i want to study chemistry. how should i p... whenever i hear freshmen talking about their first semester schedule whenever i hear freshmen talking about their first semester schedule whenever i hear freshmen talking about their first semester schedule whenever i hear freshmen talking about their first semester schedule whenever i hear freshmen talking about their first semester schedule she said, "your apartment needs a feminine touch." i said, "under only o... uf reddit meet-up day? uf reddit meet-up day? uf reddit meet-up day? any zoo gators looking for an internship?  and then i found out which of my friends read reddit and then i found out which of my friends read reddit and then i found out which of my friends read reddit and then i found out which of my friends read reddit and then i found out which of my friends read reddit if uf was its own country it would currently be 5th  in the olympics if uf was its own country it would currently be 5th  in the olympics if uf was its own country it would currently be 5th  in the olympics if uf was its own country it would currently be 5th  in the olympics if uf was its own country it would currently be 5th  in the olympics if uf was its own country it would currently be 5th  in the olympics has anyone taking the online version of gly 2010c - physical geology? gator vader! gator vader! gator vader! gator vader! skip to :53 seconds for greatness (how not to flunk out of college) skip to :53 seconds for greatness (how not to flunk out of college) turlington dancing guy's personal website. apparently he claims not to ... turlington dancing guy's personal website. apparently he claims not to ... bbc report on ryan lochte training at uf bbc report on ryan lochte training at uf looks like jeff demps will compete in london afterall! serving as a rep... looks like jeff demps will compete in london afterall! serving as a rep... gators in the olympics - preview incoming freshman with a question incoming freshman with a question getting about that time drive safe out there gators. rip aria karina curad mallari... interstate... my problem lately help keep the alligator on campus! help keep the alligator on campus! help keep the alligator on campus! help keep the alligator on campus! which calculus class to take in fall there's a degree for everyone. there's a degree for everyone. there's a degree for everyone. there's a degree for everyone. there's a degree for everyone. there's a degree for everyone. there's a degree for everyone. there's a degree for everyone. there's a degree for everyone. has anyone here seen this crazy dancing gay guy? has anyone here seen this crazy dancing gay guy? loved this when i saw it in a trade journal. evolutionary design [pic] loved this when i saw it in a trade journal. evolutionary design [pic] uf study shows long-term drug abuse starts with alcohol uf study shows long-term drug abuse starts with alcohol question: isn't there some place online you can see who teaches each sec... uf physicists help find higgs boson uf physicists help find higgs boson my laptop was stolen from my office on campus. if you could, please be ... my laptop was stolen from my office on campus. if you could, please be ... my laptop was stolen from my office on campus. if you could, please be ... my laptop was stolen from my office on campus. if you could, please be ... my laptop was stolen from my office on campus. if you could, please be ... want to learn about birds in your backyard? collaborate with some uf stu... undergraduate engineering: chemical vs. biomedical? questions from up north only in gainesville, fl do you see a dog rockin' an orange mohawk! go g... only in gainesville, fl do you see a dog rockin' an orange mohawk! go g... only in gainesville, fl do you see a dog rockin' an orange mohawk! go g... changes coming to uf's wifi networks changes coming to uf's wifi networks how college towns could lead the way to gigabit broadband florida: number 1 party school of the last decade. florida: number 1 party school of the last decade. florida: number 1 party school of the last decade. florida: number 1 party school of the last decade. history of the university of florida in orange and blue history of the university of florida in orange and blue florida mistakenly sends gators t-ball team to omaha... florida mistakenly sends gators t-ball team to omaha... florida and georgetown selected for navy/marine corps classic on aircraf... gators on battlefield 3 gators on battlefield 3 robot competition winners for design and manufacturing lab, spring 2012 ... gators defeat n.c. state in extras to advance to third straight college... gators defeat n.c. state in extras to advance to third straight college... haha! go dawgs!!! vote for preston tucker!!! - baseball | lowe's senior class award florida men's track &amp; field claims program's first ncaa outdoor title florida men's track &amp; field claims program's first ncaa outdoor title university of florida president bernie machen announced today that he w... university of florida president bernie machen announced today that he w... university of florida president bernie machen announced today that he w... university of florida athletic program is class of sec and ncaa anyone watching the venus transit tomorrow? incoming freshman question: torrenting? florida named no. 1 seed in ncaa baseball tournament florida named no. 1 seed in ncaa baseball tournament florida named no. 1 seed in ncaa baseball tournament [incoming freshman question] thoughts on east hall? preview in two days, taking the math and chem placement exam tonight. wh... lacrosse sets sights on championship game today with rematch against syr... uf sweeps sec all-sports trophy...again crazy new campaign rules computer questions for an incoming engineering student. gator band invited to perform at 2012 olympics in london! gator band invited to perform at 2012 olympics in london! gator band invited to perform at 2012 olympics in london! incoming freshmen for summer. i don't want to join a fraternity, but jus... uf grad gains popularity on youtube - the independent florida alligator:... on the new wireless access points call me maybe - florida gators baseball style  call me maybe - florida gators baseball style  how does uf compare to other universities on the tuition vs. debt graph?... incoming freshman question: is the meal plan worth it? incoming freshman question: is the meal plan worth it? found these while cleaning my garage found these while cleaning my garage found these while cleaning my garage found these while cleaning my garage found these while cleaning my garage found these while cleaning my garage found these while cleaning my garage found these while cleaning my garage found these while cleaning my garage found these while cleaning my garage found these while cleaning my garage i missed my housing deadlines, do i have any options? how do uf students feel when they meet another redditor on campus? any ... how do uf students feel when they meet another redditor on campus? any ... uf drops proposed cise cuts; alternative in the works uf drops proposed cise cuts; alternative in the works uf drops proposed cise cuts; alternative in the works oh bernie... how governor rick scott is sabotaging florida's universities - forbes how governor rick scott is sabotaging florida's universities - forbes how governor rick scott is sabotaging florida's universities - forbes how governor rick scott is sabotaging florida's universities - forbes transferring in fall need some advice.  lsu tiger here, but i thought you guys might appreciate this lsu tiger here, but i thought you guys might appreciate this lsu tiger here, but i thought you guys might appreciate this lsu tiger here, but i thought you guys might appreciate this lsu tiger here, but i thought you guys might appreciate this lsu tiger here, but i thought you guys might appreciate this lsu tiger here, but i thought you guys might appreciate this lsu tiger here, but i thought you guys might appreciate this lsu tiger here, but i thought you guys might appreciate this lsu tiger here, but i thought you guys might appreciate this the swamp (minecraft) *updated* the swamp (minecraft) *updated* the swamp (minecraft) *updated* the swamp (minecraft) *updated* official uf statement on forbes article about cise cuts official uf statement on forbes article about cise cuts official uf statement on forbes article about cise cuts interested in learning a little about the people buildings were named af... i stole this from /r/graffiti.  you might like it. have you ever been to a harpsichord recital? no? then monday's your luc... have you ever been to a harpsichord recital? no? then monday's your luc... every time i hear a cicerone telling a tour about the "murphree's foot"... every time i hear a cicerone telling a tour about the "murphree's foot"... vote for uf to get an advance screening of the avengers! [fb] vote for uf to get an advance screening of the avengers! [fb] vote for uf to get an advance screening of the avengers! [fb] any freshmen still need a roommate for fall 2012? i haven't had my selec... transfer student question. someone left some books... someone left some books... the swamp (minecraft) the swamp (minecraft) the swamp (minecraft) the swamp (minecraft) the swamp (minecraft) the swamp (minecraft) the swamp (minecraft) the swamp (minecraft) the swamp (minecraft) the swamp (minecraft) the swamp (minecraft) the swamp (minecraft) the original scumbag abernathy the original scumbag abernathy the original scumbag abernathy picture from the cise rally today! picture from the cise rally today! arrested development event on campus w/ costume contest, trivia, and mor... uf student commits suicide? uf student commits suicide? uf student commits suicide? police believe uf student jumped to death from stadium (greatly updated)  police believe uf student jumped to death from stadium (greatly updated)  so, gators, what is your opinion on the "humans vs. zombies" game that t... debating to transfer to uf for engineering. saw the cuts and the cs stuf... solid snake visited campus! the dean watches i, robot for the first time bad luck brian (happened to me) bad luck brian (happened to me) bad luck brian (happened to me) bad luck brian (happened to me) bad luck brian (happened to me) bad luck brian (happened to me) just another informative alligator poll... just another informative alligator poll... just another informative alligator poll... just another informative alligator poll... just another informative alligator poll... just another informative alligator poll... reminder: conference on comics and graphic novels this weekend, april 13-15 uf engineering dean proposes to dismantle cise department -- really? uf engineering dean proposes to dismantle cise department -- really? uf engineering dean proposes to dismantle cise department -- really? uf engineering dean proposes to dismantle cise department -- really? uf engineering dean proposes to dismantle cise department -- really? uf engineering dean proposes to dismantle cise department -- really? uf engineering dean proposes to dismantle cise department -- really? uf engineering dean proposes to dismantle cise department -- really? seriously desperate, got fucked over for housing.
reddit can you help me?? from the top of beaty, shows just how bad the smoke is here  from the top of beaty, shows just how bad the smoke is here  from the top of beaty, shows just how bad the smoke is here  from the top of beaty, shows just how bad the smoke is here  any nuclear engineering redditors? just a little psa about longboarders gainesville man beaten after men shout "trayvon" | news  - home gainesville man beaten after men shout "trayvon" | news  - home hi uf. i came out to your campus to take pictures of gators, and i want... hi uf. i came out to your campus to take pictures of gators, and i want... hi uf. i came out to your campus to take pictures of gators, and i want... hi uf. i came out to your campus to take pictures of gators, and i want... dropping a class nick offerman is coming uf april 11th nick offerman is coming uf april 11th i'm going to grad school next year, and uf is among my final 2 choices. ... join us for "monsters in the margins," the ninth annual conference on co... uf integration bee [cash prizes] uf integration bee [cash prizes] uf undergrad here. moving off campus this fall. what are my options for ... any idea when i can expect to hear back on a grad school application for... one of the few times i have actually be ashamed of my fellow gators one of the few times i have actually be ashamed of my fellow gators what are you listening to uf? have you ever wanted to see a muggle quidditch game?  come out to swamp... have you ever wanted to see a muggle quidditch game?  come out to swamp... a couple questions about taking a class summer a (phi 3930, philosophy o... is anybody else having problems with tor on dhw? matter of semi-urgency: where is a microwave on campus? shout-out to the "free compliments and hugs" people in turlington plaza... shout-out to the "free compliments and hugs" people in turlington plaza... hail. so much hail! (crosspost w/ gnv) hail. so much hail! (crosspost w/ gnv) summer adventure!  hey guys, tonight at 6:15pm in matherly 114 student global aids campaign... just occurred to me that we're going to lose an hour of our spring break. just occurred to me that we're going to lose an hour of our spring break. what do you call an alligator in a vest? eel3701c digital logic with dr. eric schwartz over summer c? what do you know about judicials? i didn't get into uf. how soon can i get into uf from a community colleg... so, satchell's is on fire right now... :( so, satchell's is on fire right now... :( anyone free tomorrow (2/28) from around 10am-12pm? i'm making a student ... i need a billy joel ticket google's having an event on campus where we can edit google maps. anyone... picture of century tower i took. picture of century tower i took. picture of century tower i took. journalism at it's finest... journalism at it's finest... journalism at it's finest... journalism at it's finest... journalism at it's finest... this clip from wuft is on the reddit frontpage this clip from wuft is on the reddit frontpage if i applied on the 17th, how long might it take for uf to accept or rej... we all wish isis was easier to use... "dark days" documentary screening this friday feb 24th got caught publicly intoxicated outside of residence hall, consequences? i know it's from 2010, but for those who haven't heard them before: the... i know it's from 2010, but for those who haven't heard them before: the... unite party throws away 200+ copies of the alligator after the headline... unite party throws away 200+ copies of the alligator after the headline... unite party throws away 200+ copies of the alligator after the headline... unite party throws away 200+ copies of the alligator after the headline... election day election day election day tyga or tommy trash? any students have two extra tickets to uf vs uk? the unite party in a nutshell (x post from funny) the unite party in a nutshell (x post from funny) the unite party in a nutshell (x post from funny) the unite party in a nutshell (x post from funny) the unite party in a nutshell (x post from funny) the unite party in a nutshell (x post from funny) students party campaign video feat. trey burton and cats students party campaign video feat. trey burton and cats students party campaign video feat. trey burton and cats students party campaign video feat. trey burton and cats murphree boot? getting into basketball games as a former uf student? to the person at the basketball game with the troll face sign, i commen... to the person at the basketball game with the troll face sign, i commen... facebook tomorrow facebook tomorrow facebook tomorrow what a coincidence! what a coincidence! what a coincidence! doesn't surprise me at all doesn't surprise me at all doesn't surprise me at all doesn't surprise me at all doesn't surprise me at all stuff gator fans say stuff gator fans say stuff gator fans say the infiniti coaches' charity challenge looking for tedxuf tickets. : gnv delta epsilon reputation? delta epsilon reputation? prospective student curious about hospitality program. uf sopa  uf sopa  swampcon meetup (xpost) can i be force entered into a lab? box for graduation  box for graduation  box for graduation  we had a fire safety check on our dorm floor today... we had a fire safety check on our dorm floor today... diversity credits look what i found at bjs! look what i found at bjs! look what i found at bjs! hey guys, i created a 'fiverr clone' for colleges. looking for feedback/... r/gnv meetup [xpost] my friend rewrote taylor swift's "fifteen" in honor of you know who... [... i might be transferring to u of f next year. how is the family housing o... prospective student who can't figure out isis. halp.  found this at the mall  found this at the mall  found this at the mall  you can browse reddit without logging into ufw network staying on the ufw wifi on your phone. uf will play ohio state in the gator bowl, jan. 2nd in jacksonville  uf will play ohio state in the gator bowl, jan. 2nd in jacksonville  urban meyer gets the destroy-my-personal-and-physical-health-again bug
 urban meyer gets the destroy-my-personal-and-physical-health-again bug
 mac2311 homeless for the holidays event we're #106! we're #106! scumbag urban meyer scumbag urban meyer scumbag urban meyer scumbag urban meyer scumbag urban meyer scumbag urban meyer green tailgating (repost r/gnv) r/ufl, help my friend find her bicycle! after attending several uf home games i came up with this: after attending several uf home games i came up with this: dslr during sporting events? until what time is the orange lot across the street from reitz enforced?... tree planting 11/18 how is santa fe cc? advice from uf programming/software engineering majors? 3 day startup gainesville! we are on the local news! ride needed- from gnv to atl for thanksgiving (nov 22) programmers of reddit: i wrote a library for automating uf's website. le... yard sale this weekend.  no room to sell your crap?  join me! ask bernie. our president is a badass! ask bernie. our president is a badass! tv20(wcjb) report on students for concealed carry at uf r/ufl, i need a new place to take a nice nap between classes. uf is #8 top school to avoid stds uf is #8 top school to avoid stds muschamp-o-lantern (crosspost from r/floridagators) muschamp-o-lantern (crosspost from r/floridagators) muschamp-o-lantern (crosspost from r/floridagators) why do the christians that made those "180" dvds have to hide that it's... why do the christians that made those "180" dvds have to hide that it's... could they have picked a worse analogy? could they have picked a worse analogy? need help finding a high-quality image of the "muschamp stare" poster. gainesville redditors: there is a chance that gator dawgs may be going o... apartment suggestions applying to uf grad school as a uf undergrad curious about how much your professors make? ctrl-f to find yours! curious about how much your professors make? ctrl-f to find yours! curious about how much your professors make? ctrl-f to find yours! curious about how much your professors make? ctrl-f to find yours! tree planting this saturday 3 day startup. create your own tech startup over the weekend! help me ge... wtf sustainable uf wtf sustainable uf follow up: 'reddit' tour in century tower! follow up: 'reddit' tour in century tower! follow up: 'reddit' tour in century tower! anyone else see this guy at the game? (cross-post with r/gnv) anyone else see this guy at the game? (cross-post with r/gnv) anyone else see this guy at the game? (cross-post with r/gnv) i play in century tower. ama i play in century tower. ama i play in century tower. ama any way to stay logged in on campus wifi on a smartphone? do the performers in century tower take requests? i would like to hear t... joakim noah... underwear dash reddit wdw meet-up!! sunday, march 25th, 2012 - save the date!! heads up.. gainesville game dev is hiring programmers... tree planting @ prairie creek xpost from truereddit, i wonder how many people here use study-drugs cops plan dui saturation patrol after uf / tenn game cops plan dui saturation patrol after uf / tenn game what the fuck is a shibboleth? what the fuck is a shibboleth? what the fuck is a shibboleth? (x-posted from gnv) game night - 10/15/11 - the midnight student organization for hands-on tech learning, projects, and socials what that one century tower song reminds me of csaw - cybersecurity competition - looking for a team i just got scooter any season ticket holders?  spring admit here! i was just wondering if uf has a brazilian jiujitsu t... what we all do in turlington plaza what we all do in turlington plaza what we all do in turlington plaza what we all do in turlington plaza what we all do in turlington plaza what we all do in turlington plaza the kids in tke are bitches weekend job opening, personality required please help save the architecture/fine arts and music libraries on the ... please help save the architecture/fine arts and music libraries on the ... which one of you melvin's felt the need to do this? which one of you melvin's felt the need to do this? which one of you melvin's felt the need to do this? which one of you melvin's felt the need to do this? which one of you melvin's felt the need to do this? spring admit here, can anyone give me the dates i require to do housing/... what're the best times to hit up the on campus gyms? free gaming event saturday to study abroad? should i join a frat or not? know of any good religion professors at uf? click here to subscribe to the florida gator's sports subreddit this just in: fl gov. scott says he hates the florida gators; incites v... this just in: fl gov. scott says he hates the florida gators; incites v... what do you think about student elections run like this? (didn't want to... featherface "it comes electric" summer tour: florida wheres the oopsie?  accent just destroyed my schedule summer internship in your own nyc startup? dog park tomorrow? nice grab! go gators! (crosspost from r/pics) nice grab! go gators! (crosspost from r/pics) nice grab! go gators! (crosspost from r/pics) incoming freshman needs housing advice! i see people on reddit on their laptops in all of my classes. why are no... uf redditors, whats your favorite thing to do in gainesville? ufl reddit what's your major? looks like our offense is in for another change -- rainey arrested for s... call me a conspiracy theorist, but... call me a conspiracy theorist, but... this subreddit is pathetic. how many of us are there? this subreddit is pathetic. how many of us are there? pickup game of ultimate during the week? any gamers? looking to sublease somewhere next fall! looking for 1-2 roommates for fall 2014. (canopy) chm2046l? 1/1 in a 2/2 at oxford manor are there any places around uf where one can sell their blood plasma and... one room in 3bed/2bath house $547 per room 2br/2ba all inclusive! what are some places i need to check out while visiting uf? sublease 1/1 apartment in oxford manor spacious 2br/1.5ba townhouse 1 mile from campus subleasing a 1/1 at 2nd ave centre for $475/month all inclusive for spri... review my application? 1/1 in a 4/4 at university club apartments! reduced-save $$ sublease 2br 1 bath apartment sub-lease, female, 4 bedrooms, 2.5 bath, 1200sf townhouse at the "courty... bill nye ticket undergrad econ major may be in danger too 1 credit hour classes is anyone looking for fl/ga tickets? 3 florida georgia game tickets for sale! short parking survey (link inside) how do uf-uga student tickets work? eco3101? hs senior applying to uf. do i have a good chance? pets in dorms? bingo players w/ bassjackers &amp; makj @ florida theater oct 15 9:00pm how much can a student ticket of uf vs fsu cost? off campus housing? opinions on wells fargo -- love it or hate it? help! classrooms open on the weekends? science gpa? til there's a bat cave in ben hill griffin stadium! anyone know how to connect a vizio smart tv or to xbox live on campus in... private places to hook up on campus? where can i get hot water on campus? where can i find hot water on campus? florida pubstomp and lan event. 9th and 11th. they're happening! now wit... want to check out a new, vegan coffee shop with locally roasted, freshly... add another football player to the list parking decals documents: aaron hernandez allegedly told friend of lloyd's killing | sp... [florida dota 2 scene] north-central florida, weekly tournaments startin... ultimate on flavet at 6pm. tonight! what is an easy 3000 level elective? is it worth getting season tickets for this upcoming football season? "your application for admission to the university of florida for the spr... the semester is over and summer starts, now!!! boom! a room for female available uf grade appeal process? what are some nice apt/houses that allows pets? buying a neil degrasse tyson ticket. dr. ron paul coming to uf on tax day (accent/sg show) hey does anyone need to live in an apartment for the summer? i'll be sub... any place to take a shower on campus? (sweaty.. don't have time to go ho... xpost from r/funny. steve &amp; albert  ama request: albert (or alberta) i'm a high school senior, and i just got into uf's innovation academy.  from your friendlily staff at uf recsports... as an incoming freshman to get a dorm for summer b, which residence hall... so who else was just accepted in to uf? sgp &amp; bhm present kendrick lamar and special guests // feb 25th // s... quick! nobody move. question about spring registration deadlines... help raise money for a student-run charity here in gainesville just by s... andre debose kicked off the football team gator freethought announces:  "how should we understand persistent disag... can i buy a regular ticket and use it to get in the stadium, then use my... whoever put this picture on the bus stop at turlington, you made me do a... tracy morgan to headline gator growl uf former journalism professor to publish book of stories  dentistry administrator demoted over relationship with resident cantina to give out free shots as part of twitter promotion  us news &amp; world report says uf is 54th best us college  harn exhibition captures pivotal time for photography u.s. news ranks uf 17th among public universities plenty of nominees to replace machen i have a student ticket for the bg game, but i'm not a student! how woul... 34th wall painting idea anyone interested in a bowling green ticket? turlington dancing guy: banned from uf, haha! anyone selling an iclicker? skip to 1:32 calling all metalheads and fans of freaks!  today's cover of the alligator (fixed) stencil graffiti locations on campus anyone interested in taking over a lease for me at the polos? elusive ring no more, it's miller time in miami crosspost from images should we protest machen's salary? just occurred to me, the summer has finally begun. where to get a printout on campus? congratulations to all the spring 2012 graduates, from uf! cpt- he did it quickly, efficiently and without remorse ? would anyone be interested in editing a paper for me for some cash? i am... hey everyone! we need to cast a vote for our star softball player, miche... uf student dies in fall at the swamp students react to proposed cuts at uf's college of engineering cise and ece merger i got to the reitz union bus stop this evening and found a box of unopen... uf parking tickets.  anyone else ever try to appeal one?  uf psu presents a ucf lgbtq documentary film (the committee) friday 3/23... cartoonmeme.com has a florida state scumbag meme. destroy them... again. [xpost from /r/gnv] tonight! nerdy burlesque at the lab! this sg election photo is begging for zombification. any photoshoppers o... is snap a viable option for me? look out for wings on campus! uf admissions any other gators interested in doing a trip inspired trip? what does a grade "e" mean at uf? [request] to any engineer majors... hey r/ufl, my blog throws monthly themed parties. this month's is career... is anyone else going to check out occupy gainesville? o-dome gets a new look coop and wilks: swamp studs urban meyer stepping down at florida gators - espn (xpost from r/cfb) free pair of tickets to gator bowl fedex'd to first p... /r/dormlife - talk about life on a college campus shit uf students say. appropriate pool attire where to score weed? the students party in a nutshell invisible vending machine my friend needs to sublease her apartment for the summer~ can anyone help? find your chill:pull. maybe you can be as good as mccoy give chick-fil-a the boot from campus big day for uf swimmers at the olympics!  day 2 prelim results and preview this is how i felt as a male looking for rush-week clothes today's alligator headlines brought to you by john taggart uf vs. lsu student ticket for $35 2 tickets needed for lsu game gainesville casting call: new reality show for women who go to grad scho... if you have an extra minute, can you help me out by taking this short su... is burrito brothers being forced to close due to a so called "roof probl... why should i go to uf and not ucf? convince me.  have you heard of the harlem shake? uf is doing it at turlington tomorro... "where to go" ra music video did anyone just get a text from someone named joe associated with the st... architecture? gator grad now grad student answering questions!  happy almost st. patrick's day, gators! when does scholarship information come out? made a little something for tonight's game! i'm that bad roommate, but this makes things easy in my house i'm about to graduate, how much longer can i get away with using the sou... braves fans...do you like this shirt? i had to say it... the most unfortunately-named speaker uf has ever invited to speak... fellow gators we need your help! my uf research team has submitted this ... the wheelin gator facebook page to get disabled seating in the swamp - l... student clubs with the most free food lpt: sign up for free amazon prime with your .edu email address. what are some good places to meet guys? reddit co-founder, alexis ohanian, is coming to uf 1/17/14 when it rains, it pours: miami is the best university in florida, accord... seeking roommate for 2014 -2015 school year reduced rate student sublet, summer '14 (utilities incl., furnished)!! (... summer 2014 sublease campus lodge what does uf think of our meme campaign? /r/gainesvillemugshots spring sublease house