 doug! so i need to be homeless for about three days. dancing robots is a class at iowa x-post hawkeye_football: anyone up for a different trophy for the nebras... who wants to go to the lego movie ? good place to get a haircut on campus? free amazon 2 day shipping for 6 months with .edu email iowa, join us at hackillinois in april! flashmob snowball fight on the pentacrest @ 9. pass it on! as a incoming freshman, what dorm do you recommend? participants invited for driving study (national advanced driving simula... looking to a dm to guide a new reddit play group with players of mixed e... you guys ruined my new years... dae wish that isis, icon, and hawkmail were all merged into one site? dae wish that isis, icon, and hawkmail were all merged into one site? dae wish that isis, icon, and hawkmail were all merged into one site? dae wish that isis, icon, and hawkmail were all merged into one site? new and notable tumblr blogs of 2013 - ui libraries' special collections recommendations on the step (student to employed profession) course? got accepted, had a question the last time nick saban got beat on a "walk-off" the last time nick saban got beat on a "walk-off" the last time nick saban got beat on a "walk-off" the last time nick saban got beat on a "walk-off" the last time nick saban got beat on a "walk-off" would you support an city vote to decriminalize marijuana? would you support an city vote to decriminalize marijuana? til a student was murdered in rienow hall in 1973 til a student was murdered in rienow hall in 1973 til a student was murdered in rienow hall in 1973 if you had to describe iowa in one sentence, what would it be? what are some highly interesting gen eds available in the spring semester? golden key international honors society does anyone want to go the the midnight premier of ender's game with me? uiowa ta accidentally e-mails class nude photos. unfortunately she teac... uiowa ta accidentally e-mails class nude photos. unfortunately she teac... uiowa ta accidentally e-mails class nude photos. unfortunately she teac... uiowa ta accidentally e-mails class nude photos. unfortunately she teac... uiowa ta accidentally e-mails class nude photos. unfortunately she teac... future freshman here, looking for an answer to a question about tippie... my first couple podcast on krui's the lab. that one college podcast what to do on a campus visit? is it easy to find a sub-leaser? is there a writing club? girl jumps the field during the fb game and gets arrested, blowing a .341 girl jumps the field during the fb game and gets arrested, blowing a .341 girl jumps the field during the fb game and gets arrested, blowing a .341 girl jumps the field during the fb game and gets arrested, blowing a .341 eduroam: will it improve? looking for football tickets vs. wisconsin steve wynn donates $25 million to u of i for vision research. steve wynn donates $25 million to u of i for vision research. foreign language and humanities woo! u of i's #1 *chug* woo! u of i's #1 *chug* woo! u of i's #1 *chug* woo! u of i's #1 *chug* counselor from iowa got us to have an iowa themed day at my camp in texas counselor from iowa got us to have an iowa themed day at my camp in texas counselor from iowa got us to have an iowa themed day at my camp in texas counselor from iowa got us to have an iowa themed day at my camp in texas counselor from iowa got us to have an iowa themed day at my camp in texas student loan rates set to double july 1 information about the peaceful rally to restore the fourth--july 4th what should i bring to freshman orientation? engineering math placement ui starting to take precautions for possible flooding ui starting to take precautions for possible flooding questions from an incoming freshman... benchmarks &amp; pedmall beautification project this weekend. here's whe... so, who posted this in the library? so, who posted this in the library? so, who posted this in the library? reddit keg? reddit keg? reddit keg? packers select micah hyde packers select micah hyde express to internet hate: bus company (suburban express) threatens redd... express to internet hate: bus company (suburban express) threatens redd... new kinnick video board will be ready for fall 2013 (two renderings inc... new kinnick video board will be ready for fall 2013 (two renderings inc... for any fans of the wire looking for a class for the fall for any fans of the wire looking for a class for the fall need elective/course recommendations for fall semester. is the cambus a big nuisance? neil degrasse tyson speaking in a ui classroom earlier today, anyone kn... neil degrasse tyson speaking in a ui classroom earlier today, anyone kn... neil degrasse tyson speaking in a ui classroom earlier today, anyone kn... neil degrasse tyson speaking in a ui classroom earlier today, anyone kn... neil degrasse tyson speaking in a ui classroom earlier today, anyone kn... any cinema and comparitive lit students here? coming up from uga for spring break. what's there to do?  got accepted by uiowa for graduate school, what can you guys tell me? has anyone had experience with the student legal service? neil degrasse tyson at ui! neil degrasse tyson at ui! neil degrasse tyson at ui! neil degrasse tyson at ui! neil degrasse tyson at ui! neil degrasse tyson at ui! neil degrasse tyson at ui! school spirit on display at the university of iowa veterans center i can't take iowa basketball anymore. tony ramos' penn state victory photo as r/wrestling cover photo tony ramos' penn state victory photo as r/wrestling cover photo tony ramos' penn state victory photo as r/wrestling cover photo tony ramos' penn state victory photo as r/wrestling cover photo researchers scare 'fearless' patients: feelings of terror did not involv... calculate current averages and the scores you need for each grade. autom... can i get into u of i? hawkeye beer pong table! it folds up, and it was big enough for 30 cup ... hawkeye beer pong table! it folds up, and it was big enough for 30 cup ... hawkeye beer pong table! it folds up, and it was big enough for 30 cup ... free 3gb at dropbox for two years for signing up for the dropbox space r... ui bone marrow registry drive #bethematch come out, come out, wherever you are! come out, come out, wherever you are! the crowd after the flea-flicker worked when the flea-flicker worked when the flea-flicker worked when the flea-flicker worked when the flea-flicker worked hawkeye nice hawkeye nice hawkeye nice hawkeye nice hawkeye nice visiting iowa this weekend, are there any things i should try and do?? finally a hawkeye :) finally a hawkeye :) finally a hawkeye :) finally a hawkeye :) trying to get from uiuc to uiowa, anybody know a good, direct route? or ... japanese study groups. community press trying to start up in iowa city obama's coming! obama's coming! january 19, 2013, the university of iowa will host a basketball game on... january 19, 2013, the university of iowa will host a basketball game on... it's a work in progress it's a work in progress it's a work in progress it's a work in progress it's a work in progress hawkeyes hockey - come support the team for free at coral ridge ice aren... iowa #2 on princeton review's "party schools" list for 2013 iowa #2 on princeton review's "party schools" list for 2013 on the advent of hawkeye football, here's hoping for the best. on the advent of hawkeye football, here's hoping for the best. anyone in favor of an october 6 meet-up? anyone in favor of an october 6 meet-up? parking near campus? college reddit meetup sept. 15 visting next week. any advice on campus bars? do you tip at iowa city bars? do you tip at iowa city bars? starcraft 2, diablo 3, or day z players? iowa throws back to 1921-1922 with new black and metallic gold uniforms... iowa throws back to 1921-1922 with new black and metallic gold uniforms... hiring for a desktop support position.  must be a student.  feel free to... more running back problems for iowa jarrod uthoff to play at iowa jarrod uthoff to play at iowa interesting chinese take on the union bar protests! interesting chinese take on the union bar protests! interesting chinese take on the union bar protests! plugging an awesome show this friday (may 4) - best of no shame theater,... a plea to /uiowa:  a plea to /uiowa:  a plea to /uiowa:  a criticism of jordan ramos's "fight for equality" (xpost from r/iowa) a criticism of jordan ramos's "fight for equality" (xpost from r/iowa) fans weighing in on new cy-hawk design riley reiff is the 1st iowa player drafted this year at 23 by the lions riley reiff is the 1st iowa player drafted this year at 23 by the lions where can i go to get a beer and watch a movie at the same time? (x-post... mediacom in iowa city mediacom in iowa city for everyone with iowa state friends on facebook. for everyone with iowa state friends on facebook. for everyone with iowa state friends on facebook. for everyone with iowa state friends on facebook. goodbye, 'z'. the east campus shuttle won't be the same. i saw a fellow redditor in the hubbard commons of the imu today... i saw a fellow redditor in the hubbard commons of the imu today... i made this to save myself time counting weeks until the end... enjoy i made this to save myself time counting weeks until the end... enjoy dat gymnastics team dat gymnastics team dat gymnastics team words cannot express the win in this article [x-post from r/iowa] midterms.  midterms.  midterms.  midterms.  pathfinder group needing members video of hawkeye men's swim team winning their first conference event i... video of hawkeye men's swim team winning their first conference event i... i will have a vacancy in my 3 br apt for next year/maybe over the summer... sh*t iowa students say sh*t iowa students say the computer networking instructor. x-post from advice animals. what happened to the university of iowa memes? - krui radio everyone right now. everyone right now. everyone right now. everyone right now. dae feel like people are circlejerking the u of i memes page on facebook... you hawkeye redditors should be proud of what has transpired tonight you hawkeye redditors should be proud of what has transpired tonight you hawkeye redditors should be proud of what has transpired tonight when nerds make graffiti when nerds make graffiti when nerds make graffiti iowa city darwin day 2012! featuring "bird origins and evolution" and th... help university of iowa student veterans *and* get a t-shirt! til a hero of the soviet union went to uiowa (fixed link) til a hero of the soviet union went to uiowa (fixed link) iowa: the harvard of coaching (x-post from r/iowa) iowa: the harvard of coaching (x-post from r/iowa) iowa: the harvard of coaching (x-post from r/iowa) 4 ui j-school professors fire back against stephen bloom 4 ui j-school professors fire back against stephen bloom to the partiers, i mean students, of uiowa: i saw this quote from kembrew mcleod floating around facebook, but i do... i saw this quote from kembrew mcleod floating around facebook, but i do... ron paul got the endorsement of the daily iowan, the student newspaper ... ron paul got the endorsement of the daily iowan, the student newspaper ... ron paul got the endorsement of the daily iowan, the student newspaper ... whenever i browse /r/uiowa whenever i browse /r/uiowa whenever i browse /r/uiowa whenever i browse /r/uiowa whenever i browse /r/uiowa some help please. iowa's norm parker to retire after insight bowl


 iowa's norm parker to retire after insight bowl


 just had my college major validated by stephen colbert what's the best thing to say when walking by a group of college visit to... sas tutoring how do you get an access card for ui buildings? watching the show white collar when suddenly:  watching the show white collar when suddenly:  watching the show white collar when suddenly:  til gene wilder is a uofi alumni  til gene wilder is a uofi alumni  til gene wilder is a uofi alumni  til gene wilder is a uofi alumni  university of iowa art student provides grants to other artists via lap... university of iowa art student provides grants to other artists via lap... okay, students. what classes are you taking this spring? 
ruger's gorgeous birdseye illustration of iowa city as it appeared in ... 
ruger's gorgeous birdseye illustration of iowa city as it appeared in ... how the walk of shame works in iowa how the walk of shame works in iowa who's the best professor you've ever had, r/uiowa? who's the best professor you've ever had, r/uiowa? roommate needed next semester? van-allen hall anyone? van-allen hall anyone? van-allen hall anyone? good thing he's good at hitting people good thing he's good at hitting people include lgbt community in ui greek life tom +gary just added iowa city as one of the potential locations for a d... i'm not sure if anyone has posted a picture of the flyover on here yet. i'm not sure if anyone has posted a picture of the flyover on here yet. espn on iowa receivers espn on iowa receivers backup quarterback aj derby suspended for 2 games following arrest. anyone else watching the wisconsin-nebraska game? if so, who are you roo... are there any veterans attening uofi on this subreddit? need help looking for anyone who witnessed a hit and run involving a bik... oh no! rip bruegger's downtown! fire guts two buildings oh no! rip bruegger's downtown! fire guts two buildings hawkeyes complete largest come from behind victory in their history hawkeyes complete largest come from behind victory in their history my biggest question about dorms. 4th &amp; 1 in triple overtime...and they don't go for it? 4th &amp; 1 in triple overtime...and they don't go for it? the replacement cy-hawk trophy is actually pretty decent. it's shit like this, daily iowan - "this is some gangsta shit!" us embassy: jamaica could be next terrorist haven (iowa city owl) robert reich, former secretary of labor, speaking 
at imu 9/7/11 and so it begins... til if you have directv you can watch the game on btn online! :d $140,000 in drinking/drug fines in the dorms. wtf. who the #*@% is ron paul? misfortune and occult delight film festival ui atheists agnostics skeptics and freethinkers first meeting today at 7 xpost from cfb: dog of fallen navy seal to lead iowa onto the field in o... iowa city getting verizon's lte network on september 15th!! a reason to let the cyclones win man attacked while walking (x-post from r/iowacity) hawkeye wallpaper (x-post from r/iowa) hawkeye wallpaper (x-post from r/iowa) for any hawks who care about it.  (x-post from r/iowa) push to make r/uiowa awesome! push to make r/uiowa awesome! the association of american universities (aau) just kicked out nebraska.... hawkeyes take 3rd place as ncaa wrestling championships 3 hawkeyes in ncaa wrestling semi-finals going to be away from iowa during the football season? here is a list of... anyone else feel helpless watching all these uprisings? iowa city darwin day: speaker frans de waal on friday and saturday! founding university of iowa secular student alliance - want to help? big 10 multi reddit iowa (4th in big 10) beats 12th ranked mizzou (2nd in big 12) : cfb in heaven there is no beer.  that's why we drink it here.  and when we'r... iowa hawkeyes chips university of iowa its "bongo" (ebongo.org) integrates iowa city, coralv... hawks draw missouri in insight bowl fbi closes investigation into university of iowa a.l.f. lab raid
 anyone here have familiarity with the uiowa theatre program musicals? northwestern upsets #13 iowa: big ten championship race is down to 3 : cfb space audio: 'these are the "sounds of space" collected by u iowa instru... iowa self-reports recruits meeting stars u of iowa police (uiowa_police) on twitter. the university of iowa depar... u of i event during game to offer beer top 25 players of the ferentz era arizona fans verbally and physically assault iowa fans in tucson
 iowa city book festival
 only 80 redditors at iowa state? : /r/iastate  ui struggles with latino graduation rates i know the chances are slim, but: uiowa colbert/stewart satellite rally?... center for the book, the university of iowa iowa magazine: vitality pappajohn business building tour buxton | university of iowa press best quarterback in iowa hawkeyes history? brad banks wins davey o'brian... it has been 1,000 days since minnesota has scored against the iowa footb...  iowa magazine: impact features some of the many people and programs at ... anybody have vic camillo as a professor? iowa should legalize and lead with medical marijuana - the daily iowan study points out risks of nonromantic sexual relationships [nsfw] playboy top party schools 2010: university of iowa #10 james van allen search begins for new hawkeye basketball coach iowa geological survey dailyiowan.com on reddit.com college 2.0: more professors could share lectures online. but should the... introduction to health commons the official twitter of the university of iowa hawkeyes! uiowa.edu on reddit.com want to work at hawkeyes games? does anyone need a philosophy text book? registering for spring semester, what is an easy 1 s.h. elective? eli5: how is it you are able to walk across the pedmall with such little... [want to buy] 2 tickets to the 5/6 show for kendrick lamar -- $50 each obo ama request: quesadilla girl chicago westward on mlk? tips to find used textbooks? x-post from r/hawkeyes: iowa bb ticket advice if you aren't working out of dropbox you're doing it wrong. get 3gb of e... nationally touring iowa city rock band i9mh is back in  town and rocking... question about transferring when do tickets for iowa football go on sale for the public? emergency hawk alert: the armed robbery suspect has been caught "krui: potato to run for uiowa student government president" looking for tickets to justin townes earle at mission creek. (x-post fro... iowa "super" fan is overly enthusiastic about iowa athletics but knows n... u of iowa's hiring process casey wiegmann about to hit remarkable milestone possible gunman on uiowa campus. all dorm residents advised not to leave... "i, for one, am fucking sick of getting those emails that say my inbox i... was it too loud for you? j/w. haters gonna state what is the worst class at ui? hawkeye euchre club 12 iowa football players hospitalized representatives from #internet 2012 bus tour on krui (89.7 fm) at 2pm just got back from orientation usmnt vs. belize watch party at donnelly's tonight! drupalcorn camp 2013 | get your corn on! august 8-11, 2013 in iowa city,... coming to u of i from atl korean school kids sing iowa fight song. hawkapalooza?