 here is the champaign police scanner. i would put some subtle music on ... here is the champaign police scanner. i would put some subtle music on ... here is the champaign police scanner. i would put some subtle music on ... here is the champaign police scanner. i would put some subtle music on ... here is the champaign police scanner. i would put some subtle music on ... here is the champaign police scanner. i would put some subtle music on ... be on the lookout for plainclothes cops! sex change surgery now available for uiuc students in case you forgot. the free motorcycling courses are now up, and fillin... illini commit aaron jordan named to chicago all-area team student elections results released - student trustee, iss, sorf, and ref... tonight's sunset over black dog tonight's sunset over black dog tonight's sunset over black dog tonight's sunset over black dog tonight's sunset over black dog tonight's sunset over black dog tonight's sunset over black dog tonight's sunset over black dog t'was the night before unofficial... t'was the night before unofficial... t'was the night before unofficial... t'was the night before unofficial... t'was the night before unofficial... t'was the night before unofficial... show happening tonight at error records! the green scene: pictures from around campus the news-gazette's live report on unofficial, with pics, video, updates ui told to prepare for 12.5 percent cut in state funds ui told to prepare for 12.5 percent cut in state funds just got accepted to uiuc and coming up to visit soon, suggestions on th... motorola made a moto x with our school colors membrane that can keep your heart pumping forever invented by researche... membrane that can keep your heart pumping forever invented by researche... ysk refworks is an online reference/citation generator that you can use ... how is geol107 as tech elective for a comp-e guy? new ece curriculum new ece curriculum new ece curriculum las double major vs. second degree? information on math 415? staying an extra semester? merry unofficial, everyone! protest on the quad? protest on the quad? anyone know where i can watch alvarez vs. angulo saturday? let's talk about chess, baby! let's talk about chess, baby! i mean yeah i'm fucked up in class team illini in the red bull can you make it challenge! watch our video ... team illini in the red bull can you make it challenge! watch our video ... a drunk history of unofficial st. patrick's day any graduate students looking for housing?? glbl 392 - int'l diplomacy minimum salary requirement for an internship liberal electives the only proper way to prepare for today's festivities :) have a safe &a... how do i anonymously report underaged drinking? math 417 vs 427 this is a long shot, but is anyone travelling from campus to chicago tod... my undeclared (dgs) experience at uiuc. my undeclared (dgs) experience at uiuc. my undeclared (dgs) experience at uiuc. next fall- a mithya production (a play about love, religion, sexuality, ... water bill question green street tomorrow [x-post /r/funny] transferring from ee to ce? uiuc up one place to #23 on world reputation rankings! uiuc up one place to #23 on world reputation rankings! uiuc up one place to #23 on world reputation rankings! uiuc civil service staff - a question for you! the news-gazette gets mention in jezebel story on racism. please help me i need advice does anyone have good places for free parking overnight/day? today, a professor threatened to punch a student in the face if he was ... today, a professor threatened to punch a student in the face if he was ... do any cs majors need a graphic designer? do any cs majors need a graphic designer? morning people/late exams the board of trustees passed trans* health care benefits today!! building stuff on breadboard. what are the best places to get components... unofficial 2014 - stay safe and know your rights (yearly repost) i am going to have an art show on campus!! i am going to have an art show on campus!! what are some good places to list my apartment for rent aside from craig... fall 2014 catalog is out fall 2014 catalog is out fall 2014 catalog is out fall 2014 catalog is out it's severe weather preparedness week... barn dance on april 19th korean food? anyone work at the ups in urbana? don't get busted on unofficial. come learn how to handle police encounte... stupid question time. c-u dog and cat owners, please take this short market research survey? i... looking for uiuc ios talent (pay = $3k-$4k) iphone repair unofficial: the bar scene uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu uiuc-alum/astronaut tweets close-up photo of cu summer tuition rate question: any interesting summer jobs on campus? meeting designers need to print a poster stat any animal science majors out there? don't feel like getting up the morning after unofficial? need some way ... don't feel like getting up the morning after unofficial? need some way ... don't feel like getting up the morning after unofficial? need some way ... me 300 and phys 213 will i get into the dorm i want? drag show next thursday! eoh 2014 tesla coil concert? workout advice fall quad day - how do i reserve a table/space for a campus program? having guests stay over at dorms during unofficial olympic medalist aja evans at the basketball game with the band last night ever wondered about the female demographic in the engineering department? ever wondered about the female demographic in the engineering department? ever wondered about the female demographic in the engineering department? ever wondered about the female demographic in the engineering department? ever wondered about the female demographic in the engineering department? ever wondered about the female demographic in the engineering department? aaaand that's the worst loss in assembly hall/state farm center history psa: microsoft-certified win 7 iso links phone interview with john deere where the fuck is the referendum that disbands illinois student senate? where the fuck is the referendum that disbands illinois student senate? where the fuck is the referendum that disbands illinois student senate? where the fuck is the referendum that disbands illinois student senate? to those people that talk in the library has anyone had past experience with off-duty police patrolling their bu... has anyone had past experience with off-duty police patrolling their bu... cheating and academic integrity. desk clerk rj mitte, walter jr. from breaking bad, will be giving a free lecture to... it's senior night. farewell joseph bertrand. support u of i in red bull's can you make it? challenge classes 8-5? thoughts? metal/experimental music at error records near downtown champaign next w... university network to block all computers using windows xp university network to block all computers using windows xp tau sigma honors society? found: wallet on green st. i'm working on an interactive applet for adding sinusoids and i could us... 2 more cs classes but cant decide vehicle emissions test direct transportation from indianapolis to uiuc toking on unofficial stress. stress. stress. stress. stress. stress. stress. hist 142? angrave is ready. in case you missed/disregarded the massmail, vote anyone remotely interested in living in a house with cats, arcade machi... anyone remotely interested in living in a house with cats, arcade machi... why is unofficial this friday, march 7th? fee referenda and making an informed decision - the legacy of service an... good place to do a phone interview on campus? drop dead gorgeous girl at isr cafe easiest second half semester classes feel down second half semester gen eds rights if a police officer knocks on my door. missed deadline for study abroad.. need advice break down of trustee candidate's positions. reinberg is lgbt friendly, ... how do you get an unofficial transcript online? anybody disagree or have really strong feelings about unofficial? new suburban express lawsuits from last week new suburban express lawsuits from last week new suburban express lawsuits from last week new suburban express lawsuits from last week engineers &amp; jump arches? unofficial for minors really need a roomate for next year, places going fast... (619 s. wright... unofficial 2014 is coming up, so take a moment to review your 4th amend... unofficial 2014 is coming up, so take a moment to review your 4th amend... unofficial 2014 is coming up, so take a moment to review your 4th amend... unofficial 2014 is coming up, so take a moment to review your 4th amend... unofficial 2014 is coming up, so take a moment to review your 4th amend... hotel on unofficial unofficial question! is anyone crazy enough to play soccer these days? (turf fields) is anyone crazy enough to play soccer these days? (turf fields) summer sublease available- 2 bedroom apartment on campus i wasn't ever aware there was a 'professor problem'... accepted off of the waitlist summer classes? why is there an unofficial this year? does anyone drive to crossfit cu in the mornings? stirring the pc pot with chief illiniwek exactly what parts of a room can an ra search? di on unofficial where can i find really tight male underwear? the sexy kind. where can i find really tight male underwear? the sexy kind. where can i find really tight male underwear? the sexy kind. experimental music tonight in downtown champaign! down goes sparty! the illini take down #18 michigan state in east lansing! down goes sparty! the illini take down #18 michigan state in east lansing! down goes sparty! the illini take down #18 michigan state in east lansing! down goes sparty! the illini take down #18 michigan state in east lansing! down goes sparty! the illini take down #18 michigan state in east lansing! down goes sparty! the illini take down #18 michigan state in east lansing! down goes sparty! the illini take down #18 michigan state in east lansing! down goes sparty! the illini take down #18 michigan state in east lansing! down goes sparty! the illini take down #18 michigan state in east lansing! down goes sparty! the illini take down #18 michigan state in east lansing! how strict is the no visitation rule for dorming on unofficial? is the legal age still 19 to enter bars during unofficial? help/tips for a foreign student/applicant? looking for a roomate for next year places to shop for clothes on campus? housing at uiuc. so why are the bars in champaign 19+? so why are the bars in champaign 19+? psa: please tip your servers, bartenders, etc. [incoming freshman question] are uiuc dorms really as extreme as reddit ... what's everyone listening to? cheap/free parking? thoughts on females in engineering? does anyone know where i can get a u of i soccer scarf? 1 bedroom apartment minutes from the quad with garage parking in urbana why do the cumtd bus stops make noises like a dying walrus? why do the cumtd bus stops make noises like a dying walrus? why do the cumtd bus stops make noises like a dying walrus? why do the cumtd bus stops make noises like a dying walrus? why do the cumtd bus stops make noises like a dying walrus? why do the cumtd bus stops make noises like a dying walrus? why do the cumtd bus stops make noises like a dying walrus? why do the cumtd bus stops make noises like a dying walrus? why do the cumtd bus stops make noises like a dying walrus? idea for guest speaker? [lost] wallet. most likely dropped it in 314 altgeld or 22 illini bus i am an art student here, and i am working on a participatory project, ... i am an art student here, and i am working on a participatory project, ... i am an art student here, and i am working on a participatory project, ... we're going to get 5-8 inches of snow tomorrow and tomorrow night. snow ... attends tech talk by ceo of bittorrent. at the reception after, meets an... how many of you plan to stay in champaign after graduating? how many of you plan to stay in champaign after graduating? since when is there security in the ugl? dae think sunny pruthi is a fag? silent hangout vigil tonight for the lives lost in ukraine at the union (anniversary p... vigil tonight for the lives lost in ukraine at the union (anniversary p... did any cee students get a business card from union pacific yesterday? black at&amp;t samsung galaxy sii found outside of wright &amp; john fafsa (state financial aid form) deadline: midnight tonight (thursday 2... fafsa (state financial aid form) deadline: midnight tonight (thursday 2... mind=blown. uiuc is bronze in drunklympics (top 3 party school in americ... illinois men's basketball beats nebraska 60 to 49! we're no longer last... illinois men's basketball beats nebraska 60 to 49! we're no longer last... illinois men's basketball beats nebraska 60 to 49! we're no longer last... illinois men's basketball beats nebraska 60 to 49! we're no longer last... illinois men's basketball beats nebraska 60 to 49! we're no longer last... illinois men's basketball beats nebraska 60 to 49! we're no longer last... illinois men's basketball beats nebraska 60 to 49! we're no longer last... fasprint driving to chicago? with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... with winter lingering, here is a photo i took of the quad on a summer ... does anybody happen to have the lecture videos for cs 446? customer mentality: inside higher education summer job ideas for pre-health student undergrad august graduation? student trustee debate tonight at the union (pine lounge @ 7pm) dnd/pathfinder club? here's the ellen segment here's the ellen segment here's the ellen segment here's the ellen segment here's the ellen segment here's the ellen segment here's the ellen segment free motorcycling course free motorcycling course cs 498 probability in computer science half semester classes looking for roommates + apartment for 2014-2015 academic year experimental/noise music this sunday in downtown champaign! unofficial u of i guidelines unofficial u of i guidelines searching for a house lost and found in lincoln is crce crowded in the morning? research positions jobs on campus how often do ece/engineering give out fs my thoughts on unofficial its as if every t-shirt company in america found out about march 7th best cad class for non-mechse? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? who drew a bigger crowd to the quad, ellen, or jfk in 1960? tlusty czwartek (polish fat thursday) is in two days! where can i get pa... why the heck isn't there a psych minor available? what is the best way to keep track of all the tech talks/conferences aro... my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. my roommate summed up the ellenois experience in one picture. any nootropic buffs? left-facing swastica at jerusalum restaurant? left-facing swastica at jerusalum restaurant? noise-canceling bose headphones : would you recommend them? cs courses good soup on campus? where can i get access to big white boards on campus? "the trials of muhammad ali" showing at spurlock tuesday, 3/4, 7 pm gender confirmation surgery added to student health insurance? thoughts? gender confirmation surgery added to student health insurance? thoughts? til that uiuc has a live fire training facility. as i drove by today, tw... how long is the union open? looking for 4th roommate for fall 2014-2015 apartment cee students, should i buy a laptop that can handle cad programs like re... desk clerk looking for a 4th roommate for 4 bed 2 bath apartment for next year. props to the hardcore ellen fan who could climb a tree in a full out go... props to the hardcore ellen fan who could climb a tree in a full out go... props to the hardcore ellen fan who could climb a tree in a full out go... props to the hardcore ellen fan who could climb a tree in a full out go... props to the hardcore ellen fan who could climb a tree in a full out go... props to the hardcore ellen fan who could climb a tree in a full out go... props to the hardcore ellen fan who could climb a tree in a full out go... props to the hardcore ellen fan who could climb a tree in a full out go... interesting things to do tonight? so... what actually happened on the quad today? so... what actually happened on the quad today? so... what actually happened on the quad today? so... what actually happened on the quad today? so... what actually happened on the quad today? so... what actually happened on the quad today? so... what actually happened on the quad today? so... what actually happened on the quad today? illini target charles matthews to make college decision tomorrow badm 310 question car bash help volunteer opportunities in cu cites: most active day in the history of the quad cam cites: most active day in the history of the quad cam cites: most active day in the history of the quad cam hey are there any cool unofficial shirts that are still for open for ord... has anyone participated in cozad? what kind of advice would you give to ... who would like to share there unofficial story with #onetimeatunofficial... landscape help for champaign homeowner? vote on decision to rescue champaign library tomorrow vote on decision to rescue champaign library tomorrow mtd hopper? mtd hopper? lost phone on campus; reward if found di opinion piece calls for iss defunding! link to petition in the comme... di opinion piece calls for iss defunding! link to petition in the comme... uiuc history graduate students? are there free-use machine shops on campus? cu barcraft? unofficial kegs switching phd programs? specialty grocery stores in c-u? documentation for missing an exam. math 416 tutor looking for a roommate in a 3bed house for august 2014 in champaign -- g... be on the quad tomorrow at 3pm! be on the quad tomorrow at 3pm! be on the quad tomorrow at 3pm! be on the quad tomorrow at 3pm! be on the quad tomorrow at 3pm! be on the quad tomorrow at 3pm! be on the quad tomorrow at 3pm! be on the quad tomorrow at 3pm! be on the quad tomorrow at 3pm! anyone have weichsel for math 225 before? free parking for a day? geo meeting tonight ellen says if you dress up as your favorite movie character you can win ... research rso informational meeting on thursday apparently it even has a chicken noise horn apparently it even has a chicken noise horn apparently it even has a chicken noise horn apparently it even has a chicken noise horn apparently it even has a chicken noise horn follow the daily illini for live updates, pictures on ellen show! upc unofficial '14 golden legacy long sleeve 'the ellen degeneres show' doing live remote on quad use this guide to maximize your enjoyment at the ellen degeneres surpris... any pool leagues or rso's on campus? does anyone know what ellen degeneres is doing with uiuc on monday? she... does anyone know what ellen degeneres is doing with uiuc on monday? she... does anyone know what ellen degeneres is doing with uiuc on monday? she... does anyone know what ellen degeneres is doing with uiuc on monday? she... does anyone know what ellen degeneres is doing with uiuc on monday? she... does anyone know what ellen degeneres is doing with uiuc on monday? she... what's the best deals on eatcu.com? car alarms in the middle of the night what to do with my life what to do with my life how to nominate a commencement speaker? absolute favorite spot to run to, smoke, and meditate at. absolute favorite spot to run to, smoke, and meditate at. absolute favorite spot to run to, smoke, and meditate at. absolute favorite spot to run to, smoke, and meditate at. out of state incoming freshman with summer course questions! does anyone actually know why we can't make this right turn at the wrig... does anyone actually know why we can't make this right turn at the wrig... does anyone actually know why we can't make this right turn at the wrig... does anyone actually know why we can't make this right turn at the wrig... does anyone actually know why we can't make this right turn at the wrig... unofficial shirt - does anyone know who is still selling them? about incoming freshman about incoming freshman about incoming freshman anyone take macs 410? im looking for a relatively easy 2nd 8 week class ... cpsc 440 (applied statistical methods) tutor? edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad edited a picture from one foggy morning on the quad vijay iyer trio tickets walter white jr. / rj mitte speaking at the union on march 4th walter white jr. / rj mitte speaking at the union on march 4th walter white jr. / rj mitte speaking at the union on march 4th walter white jr. / rj mitte speaking at the union on march 4th walter white jr. / rj mitte speaking at the union on march 4th walter white jr. / rj mitte speaking at the union on march 4th walter white jr. / rj mitte speaking at the union on march 4th insect fear film festival tomorrow (free!) insect fear film festival tomorrow (free!) insect fear film festival tomorrow (free!) insect fear film festival tomorrow (free!) an a plus eye for detail is papa del's a restaurant or is it just a storefront? how hard is to get a a+? psychology/neuroscience professor justin rhodes talks about how exercis... psychology/neuroscience professor justin rhodes talks about how exercis... subletting a quiet, cozy 2 bdr apartment near downtown champaign. april-... thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. thank you panda express. 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded 4th and green is flooded anyone know how to spin with poi? looking for lessons! get lead melted? does anyone know the amish county nearby? the quad is a lake the quad is a lake the quad is a lake the quad is a lake the quad is a lake the quad is a lake the quad is a lake the quad is a lake the quad is a lake the quad is a lake the quad is a lake the quad is a lake where can i watch the usa vs. canada hockey game? reddit user /u/kjkjkjkjk imagines tim beckman's vip treatment of a 5 st... reddit user /u/kjkjkjkjk imagines tim beckman's vip treatment of a 5 st... reddit user /u/kjkjkjkjk imagines tim beckman's vip treatment of a 5 st... reddit user /u/kjkjkjkjk imagines tim beckman's vip treatment of a 5 st... reddit user /u/kjkjkjkjk imagines tim beckman's vip treatment of a 5 st... sublease aug 2014 - aug 2015 [$605/mo] how hard is it to transfer from history to cheme? security guard in grainger chief's last dance was 7 years ago today guess i'm not going to class tonight guess i'm not going to class tonight ama request: negatedvoid &amp; eldigg dry cleaning close to university? march 18 primary election information march 18 primary election information amber alert: take it seriously amber alert: take it seriously one of their own senators wants to defund the illinois student senate... one of their own senators wants to defund the illinois student senate... one of their own senators wants to defund the illinois student senate... campus bike referendum campus bike referendum completely free ice-skating on saturday (2/22)! bank of america - anyone know who i interviewed with? sailing through springfield avenue... has anybody been reprimanded for smoking? how hard is it to transfer into cs? who has power? tesla motors info session tonight, 5:30pm in 407 union driving around town after the ice melted driving around town after the ice melted driving around town after the ice melted driving around town after the ice melted driving around town after the ice melted driving around town after the ice melted driving around town after the ice melted driving around town after the ice melted admitted to 1st choice ce, want to transfer to cs pre-dental shadowing? illinois men's basketball team beats minnesota 62-49! illinois men's basketball team beats minnesota 62-49! illinois men's basketball team beats minnesota 62-49! illinois men's basketball team beats minnesota 62-49! i was gone for 10 freakin' minutes .... i was gone for 10 freakin' minutes .... i was gone for 10 freakin' minutes .... i was gone for 10 freakin' minutes .... i was gone for 10 freakin' minutes .... i was gone for 10 freakin' minutes .... hopefully you'll laugh a little bit at least... local blues legend candy foster's van containing all his gear was stolen... so i have a laptop, but is it worth it to get a surface pro? someone threw a cue ball through my car window someone threw a cue ball through my car window someone threw a cue ball through my car window someone threw a cue ball through my car window someone threw a cue ball through my car window someone threw a cue ball through my car window someone threw a cue ball through my car window switching into media (advertising) from las? found blue motorola moto g found blue motorola moto g any recommendations for an on-campus bank account? what happened at [building name/intersection]? awesome illini: ui ranked #19 for 2014 peace corps volunteers, with 41 ... awesome illini: ui ranked #19 for 2014 peace corps volunteers, with 41 ... awesome illini: ui ranked #19 for 2014 peace corps volunteers, with 41 ... accident on i57 what happened today near david kinley hall? international banking with no fees? where are some good places to run around campus? student proposes additional $1 student fee for bicycle-related planning student proposes additional $1 student fee for bicycle-related planning student proposes additional $1 student fee for bicycle-related planning student proposes additional $1 student fee for bicycle-related planning student proposes additional $1 student fee for bicycle-related planning student proposes additional $1 student fee for bicycle-related planning getting residency in il when will uiuc chicago campus finish construction? the moot court board has voted not to hear the case regarding iss the moot court board has voted not to hear the case regarding iss who is running for student trustee? debate on feb. 27? appealing a waitlist decision. the return of the blues brothers an interesting look at greek life... what do you think uiuc? does anyone know when the midterm is for econ 420 or have an electronic ... is 309 green street worth it? do you know any apartments near campus that do 6 month leasing(fall 2014... free help to file taxes? vsa selling pho at aacc from 5-8 pm today omegle has "dorm chat" feature that lets you talk to strangers at uiuc. omegle has "dorm chat" feature that lets you talk to strangers at uiuc. omegle has "dorm chat" feature that lets you talk to strangers at uiuc. omegle has "dorm chat" feature that lets you talk to strangers at uiuc. recap video from last semester's wpgu frattle of the bands [advice] help fundraising for an rso without nonprofit (501c) status? where should i eat, and where can i shop? you remember when i rapid prototyped illini snoo at mel? well alexis oh... you remember when i rapid prototyped illini snoo at mel? well alexis oh... you remember when i rapid prototyped illini snoo at mel? well alexis oh... you remember when i rapid prototyped illini snoo at mel? well alexis oh... you remember when i rapid prototyped illini snoo at mel? well alexis oh... walking to class today (updated) reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... reddit cofounder here, see you at 5pm tonight in 1404 siebel center --... in case you missed reddit co-founder alexis ohanian tonight, here's the... in case you missed reddit co-founder alexis ohanian tonight, here's the... in case you missed reddit co-founder alexis ohanian tonight, here's the... diverse experimental music in downtown champaign this saturday not sure if we've formally introduced ourselves, we're the radio statio... not sure if we've formally introduced ourselves, we're the radio statio... not sure if we've formally introduced ourselves, we're the radio statio... not sure if we've formally introduced ourselves, we're the radio statio... walking to classes today walking to classes today walking to classes today walking to classes today walking to classes today walking to classes today walking to classes today walking to classes today walking to classes today walking to classes today walking to classes today walking to classes today walking to class today[fixed][thanks][regards][thanks] to the girl alexis ohanian invited up... to the girl alexis ohanian invited up... 7 days. 3000 signatures. reallocate illinois student senate budget to t... 7 days. 3000 signatures. reallocate illinois student senate budget to t... 7 days. 3000 signatures. reallocate illinois student senate budget to t... 7 days. 3000 signatures. reallocate illinois student senate budget to t... 7 days. 3000 signatures. reallocate illinois student senate budget to t... 7 days. 3000 signatures. reallocate illinois student senate budget to t... 7 days. 3000 signatures. reallocate illinois student senate budget to t... good barbershops in the area? mayor gerard issues official unofficial emergency order mayor gerard issues official unofficial emergency order something big will happen tomorrow... if you missed /u/kn0thing's talk tonight, the news-gazette has a recap (... invite your friends to reallocate the iss's budget to the scholarship fund news-gazette opinion: kilgore's status leaves unanswered questions at u... news-gazette opinion: kilgore's status leaves unanswered questions at u... u of i makes tfm front page why university housing doesn't provide islamic food food? fully automated "roboticvalet" parking garage coming to 4th+green i can change my race? just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. just trying to get to class. where to get quality ramen? post unofficial apartment cleaning what question exactly were the groupon guys asking at the career fair to... pitch me the uiuc cs phd program... 21/f looking for place to sublease for fall. get microsoft office for 9.95! get microsoft office for 9.95! astronomy classes with programming? sorry,alexis,i just like colbert better than you... unuversity and goodwind ruckus lost keys 2/15 phys 214 worries this ice-storm has done no favors for traffic on green street. this ice-storm has done no favors for traffic on green street. this ice-storm has done no favors for traffic on green street. this ice-storm has done no favors for traffic on green street. iss treasurer files formal charges against iss president after financia... iss treasurer files formal charges against iss president after financia... iss treasurer files formal charges against iss president after financia... iss treasurer files formal charges against iss president after financia... monument mens movie is about u of i professor monument mens movie is about u of i professor monument mens movie is about u of i professor meet reddit co-founder alexis ohanian on campus tomorrow! meet reddit co-founder alexis ohanian on campus tomorrow! feeling like a frog jumping around... no context needed. my boyfriend is visiting for unofficial but i live in the dorms. is ther... today's ice storm made art of my windows... today's ice storm made art of my windows... today's ice storm made art of my windows... wpgu 107.1 presents hank. and capys tour kick off at the canopy club can i sue university if i fall off and get injured in melt water? any former/current illini athletes here? need help for a story.. recpass help online spanish 101 course found keys 2/17 [last ditch effort] does someone have a vcr that records? changing majors within same department psa: your icard gives you a lot of discounts at local stores psa: your icard gives you a lot of discounts at local stores psa: your icard gives you a lot of discounts at local stores psa: your icard gives you a lot of discounts at local stores psa: your icard gives you a lot of discounts at local stores psa: your icard gives you a lot of discounts at local stores psa: your icard gives you a lot of discounts at local stores what is the drop deadline? do uiuc finals ever take place on weekends? can anyone tell me what bars aren't 21 on unofficial and are the bars 21... iss sends $144.65 of our money to maryland student government because re... boycotting unofficial red lion after usa defeated russia in hockey red lion after usa defeated russia in hockey red lion after usa defeated russia in hockey red lion after usa defeated russia in hockey red lion after usa defeated russia in hockey red lion after usa defeated russia in hockey red lion after usa defeated russia in hockey how to stop email forwarding on uiuc gmail account as anyone on a uiuc facebook group probably knows, unofficial shirts sp... as anyone on a uiuc facebook group probably knows, unofficial shirts sp... hackillinois needs volunteers! hackillinois needs volunteers! hackillinois needs volunteers! hackillinois needs volunteers! grainger bob celebrates valentine's day grainger bob celebrates valentine's day grainger bob celebrates valentine's day grainger bob celebrates valentine's day snow day 2/18 good places for a photoshoot on campus best place for a proctoru exam? deadlifting at crce anyone remember how to set up ishare with the library? violin to practice on colors of engineering? cu bus guide android app v2.0.2 in beta! anyone selling an iclicker? anyone got a wii they don't use? where can i buy creatine near or on campus? bar reputations? bar reputations? bar reputations? bar reputations? bar reputations? when does crce soccer games happen most? got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! got accepted to uiuc today! ggg university! question for architecture students looking for tutors: accy 202/econ302/cpsc 440 i was going to get off the bus to help her until i saw this ggg. thank ... i was going to get off the bus to help her until i saw this ggg. thank ... i was going to get off the bus to help her until i saw this ggg. thank ... i was going to get off the bus to help her until i saw this ggg. thank ... i was going to get off the bus to help her until i saw this ggg. thank ... i was going to get off the bus to help her until i saw this ggg. thank ... question about transferring from advertising to marketing. super smash bros brawl tourney this sunday. bring your own controller. super smash bros brawl tourney this sunday. bring your own controller. super smash bros brawl tourney this sunday. bring your own controller. where can i get my bike lock cut? what is uiuc's easiest major? female comedy group? female comedy group? wait-listed at uiuc gander mountain to open in may (at the old circuit city site on prospect) gander mountain to open in may (at the old circuit city site on prospect) where can i borrow a video recorder on campus? anyone lose a north face jacket around fifth and john across the street ... notorious racist appointed to champaign school board: were no sex offend... uiuc be swervin' uiuc be swervin' uiuc be swervin' uiuc be swervin' uiuc be swervin' uiuc be swervin' uiuc be swervin' uiuc be swervin' uiuc be swervin' uiuc be swervin' uiuc be swervin' how hard is it to transfer into the college of engineering? hey uiuc here's a crazy idea: don't park your car in other people's assi... homeless "pregnant" lady on green st. striking it rich homeless "pregnant" lady on green st. striking it rich homeless "pregnant" lady on green st. striking it rich homeless "pregnant" lady on green st. striking it rich homeless "pregnant" lady on green st. striking it rich homeless "pregnant" lady on green st. striking it rich homeless "pregnant" lady on green st. striking it rich danny brown is playing at canopy on april 24 danny brown is playing at canopy on april 24 danny brown is playing at canopy on april 24 danny brown is playing at canopy on april 24 danny brown is playing at canopy on april 24 hackillinois hackillinois hackillinois hackillinois tax return help needed!!! a night of fun in dt champaign for grad student? any good hookah bars on/around campus? diverse experimental music next saturday in downtown champaign diverse experimental music next saturday in downtown champaign jobs 4am pregame for the usa vs. russia hockey game? 4am pregame for the usa vs. russia hockey game? 4am pregame for the usa vs. russia hockey game? 4am pregame for the usa vs. russia hockey game? 4am pregame for the usa vs. russia hockey game? 4am pregame for the usa vs. russia hockey game? 4am pregame for the usa vs. russia hockey game? what's with the lack of functioning street lights west of campus? what's with the lack of functioning street lights west of campus? looking for electric wheelchair users!! looking for electric wheelchair users!! looking for electric wheelchair users!! valentines date ideas (hard mode) y "be my valentine 2014" by illini crushes &amp; confessions "be my valentine 2014" by illini crushes &amp; confessions i'm interested in the mls program... with a jd grad student meetup: friday 2/14, 9pm @ the blind pig grad student meetup: friday 2/14, 9pm @ the blind pig grad student meetup: friday 2/14, 9pm @ the blind pig missing red hat and black gloves "scottie sippen" unofficial shirts! valentines plz considering uiuc for graduate school brace yourself uiuc. neknominate is coming. where to get money for aluminum cans? help! i lost my keys today on campus, have you seen them? scumbag jersey mike's poster from a 1992 krannert performance. (check the names of the studen... poster from a 1992 krannert performance. (check the names of the studen... poster from a 1992 krannert performance. (check the names of the studen... poster from a 1992 krannert performance. (check the names of the studen... poster from a 1992 krannert performance. (check the names of the studen... loomis first floor hallway... [unofficial] is it just too early, or are there zero creative shirts out... e-week presents jean driscoll (2/14 @ 7pm in mseb 100) all you single girls here who's up for fun times at the union? psa: amtrak is having a 20% off on travel until march 31st. psa: amtrak is having a 20% off on travel until march 31st. psa: amtrak is having a 20% off on travel until march 31st. psa: amtrak is having a 20% off on travel until march 31st. look familiar? ask r/uiuc: what are some of the best delivery deals on campus? ask r/uiuc: what are some of the best delivery deals on campus? ask r/uiuc: what are some of the best delivery deals on campus? valentine's day activities, events, restaurants? what's a good place for a group of people to go for dinner? keys send a poem to your valentine and support the university's speech team. how to get a valentine before valentine's day? second round of improv comedy auditions tonight honor society advice for exchange student? good news for our continent. us should make it harder for chinese as well. wifi now available on 2/3 amtrak lines servicing c-u wifi now available on 2/3 amtrak lines servicing c-u wifi now available on 2/3 amtrak lines servicing c-u wifi now available on 2/3 amtrak lines servicing c-u wifi now available on 2/3 amtrak lines servicing c-u wifi now available on 2/3 amtrak lines servicing c-u wifi now available on 2/3 amtrak lines servicing c-u places to study in the union? tuition benefit for staff/faculty driving to chicago friday evening? nick offerman in our student planner? nick offerman in our student planner? nick offerman in our student planner? nick offerman in our student planner? nick offerman in our student planner? solidworks full suite now free for all u of i students solidworks full suite now free for all u of i students solidworks full suite now free for all u of i students solidworks full suite now free for all u of i students solidworks full suite now free for all u of i students meet reddit co-founder alexis ohanian next tuesday! meet reddit co-founder alexis ohanian next tuesday! meet reddit co-founder alexis ohanian next tuesday! anyone taking mcb 150, ib 202, or ib 361? what is the dress code for yhe engineering expo found a key by springfield and lincoln will i ever not get early registration if i do not complete james schola... got my $50,000 piece of paper in the mail today got my $50,000 piece of paper in the mail today penn st students tweet after their loss to illinois uiuc is ranked 41st in us news 2014 penalty for skipping fycare and iconnect? need volunteer performer engineering open house glasses found today (kind of) near the institute of genomic biology lost ipod touch tokers in cu? any computer shops near campus or in chamabana area? is there a way to bypass the uiuc log-on when connecting to wifi on an a... key duplication lost my id case/wallet! lost blue ipod nano 16g 4th gen with apple headphones (urbana) lost my key any musicians looking to start a band or jam? 1br for sublease, green street urbana, recently remodeled the streak is over. illinois defeats penn state in happy valley, 60-55. the streak is over. illinois defeats penn state in happy valley, 60-55. the streak is over. illinois defeats penn state in happy valley, 60-55. the streak is over. illinois defeats penn state in happy valley, 60-55. the streak is over. illinois defeats penn state in happy valley, 60-55. the streak is over. illinois defeats penn state in happy valley, 60-55. the streak is over. illinois defeats penn state in happy valley, 60-55. the streak is over. illinois defeats penn state in happy valley, 60-55. the streak is over. illinois defeats penn state in happy valley, 60-55. the streak is over. illinois defeats penn state in happy valley, 60-55. is there any way to get to indiana university? clubs for volunteering? wow, is this really a thing? will you support affirmative action in illinois? shoutout to the men's tennis team for upsetting three top-16 ranked tea... shoutout to the men's tennis team for upsetting three top-16 ranked tea... shoutout to the men's tennis team for upsetting three top-16 ranked tea... shoutout to the men's tennis team for upsetting three top-16 ranked tea... shoutout to the men's tennis team for upsetting three top-16 ranked tea... shoutout to the men's tennis team for upsetting three top-16 ranked tea... three starbucks locations to open on campus over the next two years, al... three starbucks locations to open on campus over the next two years, al... three starbucks locations to open on campus over the next two years, al... where can i find some quality stand up comedy around uiuc? can anyone help me figure out this physics 214 slide? what's going on here? singing valentines at uiuc! singing valentines at uiuc! singing valentines at uiuc! lost key cpm what apartments allow pets? growing pains: added density of campus poses challenges. also with info... growing pains: added density of campus poses challenges. also with info... growing pains: added density of campus poses challenges. also with info... beats found on corner of 1st and john mural of c-u's chef ra planned mural of c-u's chef ra planned mural of c-u's chef ra planned new foia request filed by owner of suburban express new foia request filed by owner of suburban express going to blind pig trivia tonight, looking for team anyone who can help build a website?? low carb (keto, paleo, primal, atkins, etc and things in between) ...how... valentines day dinner ideas has anyone been able to get on the vpn this weekend? closest place to renew driver's license. is phi kappi phi worth joining? the ui chancellor permits a militant hate mongerer to teach at u of i the uiuc physics professor running for congress just released his campa... the uiuc physics professor running for congress just released his campa... the uiuc physics professor running for congress just released his campa... the uiuc physics professor running for congress just released his campa... the uiuc physics professor running for congress just released his campa... the uiuc physics professor running for congress just released his campa... the uiuc physics professor running for congress just released his campa... poker tonight anyone? where on campus can i get a headshot (for linkedin, etc.) 4th roommate needed for next school year. mario kart and smash bros will... "panda express brings much-needed authentic asian cuisine to campus" |... "panda express brings much-needed authentic asian cuisine to campus" |... "panda express brings much-needed authentic asian cuisine to campus" |... "panda express brings much-needed authentic asian cuisine to campus" |... "panda express brings much-needed authentic asian cuisine to campus" |... "panda express brings much-needed authentic asian cuisine to campus" |... "panda express brings much-needed authentic asian cuisine to campus" |... "panda express brings much-needed authentic asian cuisine to campus" |... "panda express brings much-needed authentic asian cuisine to campus" |... "panda express brings much-needed authentic asian cuisine to campus" |... "panda express brings much-needed authentic asian cuisine to campus" |... for sale: round trip ticket to isr to oakbrook mall valentine's day week... new gened preferences? snowfall makes mobility nearly impossible for wheelchair users snowfall makes mobility nearly impossible for wheelchair users snowfall makes mobility nearly impossible for wheelchair users snowfall makes mobility nearly impossible for wheelchair users snowfall makes mobility nearly impossible for wheelchair users snowfall makes mobility nearly impossible for wheelchair users snowfall makes mobility nearly impossible for wheelchair users major drug bust: marijuana supply (21 lbs.) probably intended for campu... major drug bust: marijuana supply (21 lbs.) probably intended for campu... major drug bust: marijuana supply (21 lbs.) probably intended for campu... major drug bust: marijuana supply (21 lbs.) probably intended for campu... is drew pizza closing? does anyone shoot at the gun range in st. joseph or mahomet? any update on the alma mater's return? any update on the alma mater's return? any update on the alma mater's return? any update on the alma mater's return? any update on the alma mater's return? i was watching community when suddenly.. i was watching community when suddenly.. i was watching community when suddenly.. zook back to coaching, this time in the nfl. zook back to coaching, this time in the nfl. where do all the squirrels go during weather conditions such as recently? nominate uiuc for suitsoncampus how was the #onecampus event? how was the #onecampus event? drum set rental grad meetup on saturday(8th feb) 9pm at murphy's grad meetup on saturday(8th feb) 9pm at murphy's grad meetup on saturday(8th feb) 9pm at murphy's layalina mediterranean grill: "like a phoenix i have risen from the flames" to the flower-print backpack girl at chipotle what does this mean? champaign man swells with shame after entering zip code into girl scout... champaign man swells with shame after entering zip code into girl scout... champaign man swells with shame after entering zip code into girl scout... champaign man swells with shame after entering zip code into girl scout... champaign man swells with shame after entering zip code into girl scout... champaign man swells with shame after entering zip code into girl scout... looking for rush party what is/was your favorite elective course? i guess this makes it a little better another lost key, with red/white pink wrist strap attached a hypothetical situation.... grad students: how do you meet fellow grad students/new friends? group seeking faculty unionization says majority support is "very close" sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis sorry phyllis referendum petition - constitution of the illinois student government does anyone know of any wall repair services here? slipped and made a ho... illini union bookstore proceeds going to rsos/student programming? flowers on campus? experimental music in downtown champaign saturday, feb. 22nd! north of university avenue, is it that sketchy? north of university avenue, is it that sketchy? where can i get physical copies of newspapers that i can cut out? where to go skiing in wisconsin urbana assistant superintendent sent this song to teachers announcing i... urbana assistant superintendent sent this song to teachers announcing i... urbana assistant superintendent sent this song to teachers announcing i... urbana assistant superintendent sent this song to teachers announcing i... urbana assistant superintendent sent this song to teachers announcing i... looking for a kitten #onecampus say thanks to your bus drivers! say thanks to your bus drivers! say thanks to your bus drivers! say thanks to your bus drivers! say thanks to your bus drivers! say thanks to your bus drivers! say thanks to your bus drivers! say thanks to your bus drivers! say thanks to your bus drivers! say thanks to your bus drivers! say thanks to your bus drivers! coming soon to hometown pantry near you! where is cracked!!!!!! cs 374 vs 373+473 i appreciated it i appreciated it i appreciated it i appreciated it i appreciated it i appreciated it i appreciated it i appreciated it seeking 2 female roommates for 309 deluxe ! herman miller furniture on campus? anyone in eps 201? did the movie get canceled or rescheduled? olympics opening ceremony on friday anyone thinking of switching to dish network? class closed with zero people sad to hear about this happening in the champaign area especially after ... i miss meyers :( anyone want to take into to ice skating? dota 2 cravings failed their health inspection yet again in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. in a nutshell walking to class these last few days.. just got an invite from phi sigma theta university administrative corruption. rot at the top. is it too early to start the snow day 2/5 post? is it too early to start the snow day 2/5 post? is it too early to start the snow day 2/5 post? is it too early to start the snow day 2/5 post? is it too early to start the snow day 2/5 post? for those of you at the basketball game, practice makes perfect. so i live in ashton woods, so i live in ashton woods, how do people feel about making the wiki more comprehensive? wanna shovel snow? regarding the university's lack of ice removal. regarding the university's lack of ice removal. regarding the university's lack of ice removal. if my car is stuck at a meter, do i still need to put money in it to avo... 11-12" of snow next monday.....really!?!? any suggestions on how to keep rooms warm? 3-bedroom apartments near lincoln and nevada? champaign doesn't plow alleys? has anyone faced discipline from the smoke-free campus policy? who here uses bitcoin? winter clothing donation winter clothing donation winter clothing donation wright street at 9am. this doesn't seem particularly safe. let's talk about active and interesting rsos on campus. let's talk about active and interesting rsos on campus. cites vpn issues? phyllis wise and nike are there any storytelling events that go on here? improv comedy auditions tonight! wanted!!! looking for adjustable dumbbells. is there anyone who provides first aid training in the area? easy math courses for math minor? visitors in public dorms for unnofficial how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic how ironic laundry room panty thief on the loose laundry room panty thief on the loose laundry room panty thief on the loose laundry room panty thief on the loose laundry room panty thief on the loose laundry room panty thief on the loose laundry room panty thief on the loose laundry room panty thief on the loose referendum to dissolve the illinois student senate is underway referendum to dissolve the illinois student senate is underway referendum to dissolve the illinois student senate is underway referendum to dissolve the illinois student senate is underway smartphone screen repair whats up with alpha delta phi? apartment hunting uiuc fall 2014 why don't more people take the train to chicagoland? why don't more people take the train to chicagoland? lost garage door opener good places to have sex on campus?? do you think we will get a snow day on wednesday? accidentally dropped course, can't re-register 2/5 a snow day ?? psa: careful with liberty power solicitation psa: careful with liberty power solicitation psa: careful with liberty power solicitation ppm horror stories? ppm horror stories? don't be intimidated cancellation of the "#onecampus" event due to weather meet olympic gold medalist dancing with the stars competitor shawn johnson what are some places that you volunteer at? what are some places that you volunteer at? how did you meet your so? how long does it take to transfer in credits? need a lawyer who knows cannabis laws boys and girls club? best dry cleaners? anyone taking any classes at parkland this semester interested in a part... best vegetarian food at cravings/lai lai wok? is this normal with comcast? need places for eye glasses looking for help with re-installing mountain lion to macbook pro retina. business career fair question: can alumni attend? [feedback wanted] simple unofficial shirt idea live/local music that doesn't suck this friday at mike 'n molly's. i would say that this is the 2nd worst place in the world to bring your... i would say that this is the 2nd worst place in the world to bring your... i would say that this is the 2nd worst place in the world to bring your... i would say that this is the 2nd worst place in the world to bring your... i would say that this is the 2nd worst place in the world to bring your... i would say that this is the 2nd worst place in the world to bring your... what happened to cracked? printing on campus uiuc vet med hospital price? what is phi kappa phi? swing dancing. let's do it! swing dancing. let's do it! swing dancing. let's do it! the belt clip on you knife has failed you. the belt clip on you knife has failed you. do nerves get the best of you during exams? anyone in the campus honors program? health care options for non-students? help material advantage at illinois win money for student activities! vo... 0 credit hour class + gpa econ 103 with petry found a harbortouch server card, how do i get it back to the person who ... where can i borrow a blueray player to watch a movie tonight? slip slip slipinois where do i meet guys on campus ? where do i meet guys on campus ? where do i meet guys on campus ? where do i meet girls on campus ? where do i meet girls on campus ? where do i meet girls on campus ? what's the deal with a+ lounge in dt urbana? where do i meet transgenders on campus ? driving to see mewithoutyou in st. louis on monday, anyone interested i... driving to see mewithoutyou in st. louis on monday, anyone interested i... where do i meet humans on campus? which econometrics course? counseling center opinions? counseling center opinions? because the superbowl is overrated: play floor hockey! sundays, 7pm, crce. nantucket cove spammed craigslist no less than 23 times in a row today. . . parties tonight? alright to study in classrooms in evening? alright to study in classrooms in evening? hey uiuc, looking for some insight about a class anyone know what's happening right by hendrick house? panda express on green opens today at 4pm. get your free chicken! panda express on green opens today at 4pm. get your free chicken! panda express on green opens today at 4pm. get your free chicken! panda express on green opens today at 4pm. get your free chicken! where to fix my broken iphone 4 screen? can any of you do it? trying to find/form a study group for cs 173 lost university key good places to sled around uiuc? what's great about uiuc? what's great about uiuc? would i be able to get into accy 201? bike repair on campus? flooding parking garage at an apartment building on oregon flooding parking garage at an apartment building on oregon flooding parking garage at an apartment building on oregon yoga and meditation rso's on campus? yoga and meditation rso's on campus? anyone know what's going on outside hendrick house? housing for spring 2015 ? if you are thinking about starting a business in urbana-champaign chalice dubs masquerade ft. figure at canopy club saturday feb 1st chancellor of u. of illinois responds to twitter incident chancellor of u. of illinois responds to twitter incident chancellor of u. of illinois responds to twitter incident chancellor of u. of illinois responds to twitter incident chancellor of u. of illinois responds to twitter incident chancellor of u. of illinois responds to twitter incident chancellor of u. of illinois responds to twitter incident chancellor of u. of illinois responds to twitter incident chancellor of u. of illinois responds to twitter incident what flag is it under the us flag in front of the public safety building? starting salaries for engineers in champaign say what you want about our football program, but they have heart. core... say what you want about our football program, but they have heart. core... cheapest cell phone option in the area? does u of i have a jazz club or informal jazz band? anyone take cooking classes at the arc? reputable dentist in champaign? anyone is taking ece398 understanding big data? how much does plan b cost at mckinley? and where do i pick it up? how much does plan b cost at mckinley? and where do i pick it up? how much does plan b cost at mckinley? and where do i pick it up? who to email about closed class eli5: chancellor, president, provost, chairman of board of trustees eli5: chancellor, president, provost, chairman of board of trustees eli5: chancellor, president, provost, chairman of board of trustees eli5: chancellor, president, provost, chairman of board of trustees massmail from uic chancellor to uic concerning phyllis wise incident...... massmail from uic chancellor to uic concerning phyllis wise incident...... massmail from uic chancellor to uic concerning phyllis wise incident...... seen: lost dog seen: lost dog seen: lost dog seen: lost dog seen: lost dog seen: lost dog seen: lost dog anyone know if bangkok thai/pho 911 on green street has reopened? on my way to dinner when this happens on green st. just east of neil st. math 285? massmail - civil discourse 101 massmail - civil discourse 101 massmail - civil discourse 101 what if university emails were anonymous? anyone use pavlov? how is it? is anyone here taking math 448? adding a class at this point? experimental music at thee deathtower in downtown champaign next month! joining illini jujitsu what are the times for it best place for a female haircut near cu? cost/distance isn't a factor. how do i get out of a test on unofficial? hank. - pinched. (local mathy emo that is pro snow day and anti racism) ... where the hell can i find a dentist that accepts medicaid? i know it's a bit early, but summer classes question. any survivor fans? any skilled art (ceramics) students here looking to make some quick cash? places hiring? looking for job watch out for clearview energy scams!! watch out for clearview energy scams!! watch out for clearview energy scams!! watch out for clearview energy scams!! watch out for clearview energy scams!! watch out for clearview energy scams!! watch out for clearview energy scams!! all-engineering fraternity rush. this is a small weekend project my brother and i did that we think has ... this is a small weekend project my brother and i did that we think has ... this is a small weekend project my brother and i did that we think has ... this is a small weekend project my brother and i did that we think has ... this is a small weekend project my brother and i did that we think has ... this is a small weekend project my brother and i did that we think has ... this is a small weekend project my brother and i did that we think has ... free speech group praises uiuc's response to racist/sexist tweets about... free speech group praises uiuc's response to racist/sexist tweets about... free speech group praises uiuc's response to racist/sexist tweets about... free speech group praises uiuc's response to racist/sexist tweets about... free speech group praises uiuc's response to racist/sexist tweets about... free speech group praises uiuc's response to racist/sexist tweets about... attn: pyramid scheme people in saunders lounge. attn: pyramid scheme people in saunders lounge. attn: pyramid scheme people in saunders lounge. is there a lost and found in the union? best brazilian wax places in town? best brazilian wax places in town? "we have to put a stop to the idea that it is a part of everybody's civi... "you must not lose faith in humanity. humanity is an ocean; if a few dro... passed this on 57 today. drive safe guys passed this on 57 today. drive safe guys student alumni ambassadors? director (and ui alum) of asu's ihr nexus lab analyzes the phyllis wise ... any easy 300+ level classes? #fuckphyllis is racism or sexism a problem at uiuc? communication vs icr extra credits explains why ugl doors suck lost pencil pouch found w/ iclicker and calculator lost pencil pouch found w/ iclicker and calculator snow day controversy blown out of proportion! nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... nick offerman tweets about snow day debacle: "illini, get your shit to... lost: i forgot my scarf on the bus today. responses needed for market research project - you could win a $15 amazo... does student insurance cover dental? indoor soccer crce 7:30am ? housing available urbana. big room, nice new kitchen. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. everyone who participated in the #fuckphylis twitter trend is pathetic. looking for a japanese friend? please join this social equality marxist-communist group! does no one else think we were overreacting just a little? does no one else think we were overreacting just a little? does no one else think we were overreacting just a little? does no one else think we were overreacting just a little? does no one else think we were overreacting just a little? does no one else think we were overreacting just a little? does no one else think we were overreacting just a little? does no one else think we were overreacting just a little? random beeping sound at wright and white alternative to suburban? subletting room in 309 green st. for 2014-2015 school year parking for rent in champaign....for cheap no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses no snow day tomorrow? rip buses best chinese/asian food on campus? go! this phyllis wise hate is getting out of hand. calm the fuck down people. this phyllis wise hate is getting out of hand. calm the fuck down people. this phyllis wise hate is getting out of hand. calm the fuck down people. this phyllis wise hate is getting out of hand. calm the fuck down people. this phyllis wise hate is getting out of hand. calm the fuck down people. this phyllis wise hate is getting out of hand. calm the fuck down people. this phyllis wise hate is getting out of hand. calm the fuck down people. this phyllis wise hate is getting out of hand. calm the fuck down people. this phyllis wise hate is getting out of hand. calm the fuck down people. this phyllis wise hate is getting out of hand. calm the fuck down people. how i feel about the phyllis wise issue right about now eol 199 any information on rlst 115? welcome to the midwest. sometimes, it gets cold. business major life business major life business major life business major life business major life business major life mrw i'm taking a dump and the fire alarm goes off in sherman mrw i'm taking a dump and the fire alarm goes off in sherman mrw i'm taking a dump and the fire alarm goes off in sherman mrw i'm taking a dump and the fire alarm goes off in sherman chancellor freeze chancellor freeze chancellor freeze chancellor freeze y'all can stop speculating now y'all can stop speculating now y'all can stop speculating now y'all can stop speculating now y'all can stop speculating now best place to pick up a suit in champaign? top 15 people in the arc basement. #fuckphyllis is an atrocity, but is not representative of all uiuc students now that we are done burning crosses on twitter, can we just have a drink? in regards to the buzzfeed article and the twitter campaign: massmail-campus operating on normal schedule on monday, january 27 massmail-campus operating on normal schedule on monday, january 27 massmail-campus operating on normal schedule on monday, january 27 minnesota is cancelled tomorrow (x-post from r/pics) minnesota is cancelled tomorrow (x-post from r/pics) minnesota is cancelled tomorrow (x-post from r/pics) meanwhile in russia... meanwhile in russia... change.org petition for snowday.... change.org petition for snowday.... finding a lost phone?? best way to get boxes from ups/usps? news-gazette article: ui stays open; online posts aimed at wise get pers... after being denied a snow day, university of illinois students respond w... anyone looking for a roomate for fall 2014? what is happening outside of illini tower? what is happening outside of illini tower? opinion article on #fuckphyllis trend: smile politely jerry's take on this whole weather mess suggestions for luxury apartments? snowday plz snowday plz snowday plz snowday plz snowday plz whatever happened to: streaking at the university of illinois whatever happened to: streaking at the university of illinois whatever happened to: streaking at the university of illinois mann mera: chai-town's new music video to the 2-3 people who turned a snow-day joke into a full-on, campus-wide... what are the radio stations around here? what are the radio stations around here? came across this when driving in from chicago. thanks, phyllis. news coverage of yesterday's twitter trend can someone please post a picture of how bad the snow is? what next? after last night. eac van off road near manteno last semester question should i go to crce or the arc at 10 pm? how can we find out the dates for our final exams? as in the specific time. what is going on? look guys, an article on buzzfeed was made about us phyllis wise twitter? anyone know the hours of the library and information science building? something small for you, fellow men. the account may be gone but the tweets can live on! easy 1 or 2 credit hour classes? chancellor freeze memegenerator "phyllis wise" (@chanphylliswise) on twitter 1 credit hour gen ed? any bitcoiners/cryptocurrency enthusiasts on campus? school closed tomorrow? possible snow day. does anyone know why about 15 cops car were speeding south on 1st stree... does anyone know why about 15 cops car were speeding south on 1st stree... does anyone know why about 15 cops car were speeding south on 1st stree... chlh 243 drug use and abuse iclickers tonight! punk bands at thee deathtower in downtown champaign! nugent hall 2014-2015? apartment advice? are ras supposed to be allowed to advertise fraternities? learning ios app dev fraternity question for a second semester freshman can someone explain the reason why the college of business only lets fr... can someone explain the reason why the college of business only lets fr... any recommendations on physical therapists in urbana-champaign? (lower b... hist 135 - has anybody taken this? anyone driving to chicago this afternoon??? mild emergency :-/ when does spring rush begin for frats? emergency- need to borrow costume for tonight!! davenport to chem annex cheap printing/binding on campus? where to go for happy hour in downtown champaign ramones in champaign a long time ago (hopefully not a repost) ramones in champaign a long time ago (hopefully not a repost) ramones in champaign a long time ago (hopefully not a repost) ramones in champaign a long time ago (hopefully not a repost) printer in bif or wohlers? anyone here taking/taken math 347? is there any way to get to bloomington/normal airport without a taxi or ... juliy baryshnikov paid research opportunity for an undergrad (cee/cs) paid research opportunity for an undergrad (cee/cs) any advice for badm 378? starbucks at union bookstore is it worth taking cs373? new transfer student who needs advice on meeting people (joining clubs/s... local store, cheese and crackers, now accepting bitcoin. local store, cheese and crackers, now accepting bitcoin. local store, cheese and crackers, now accepting bitcoin. neves group? will is looking for a bitcoin investor or miner to interview laska for stat 100? maybe stupid question about frats when you go out to eat on campus, how do you eat healthy? has anyone been a note-taker through gradebuddy? illinois student senate treasurer: senate budget not in line with the m... illinois student senate treasurer: senate budget not in line with the m... when is the arc least busy? when is the arc least busy? spanish 103 mcgraw hill connect access code syllabus week boredom cure lost magic the gathering deck in illini union uiuc is hosting a hackathon! april 11-13 uiuc is hosting a hackathon! april 11-13 uiuc is hosting a hackathon! april 11-13 uiuc is hosting a hackathon! april 11-13 uiuc is hosting a hackathon! april 11-13 uiuc personalities: what type are you? has stepanov curved stat 400 grades before? math285 vs cs101 n-g article on new white house initiative to reduce sexual assaults on c... nondrinkers/smokers nondrinkers/smokers econ 103 with petry for non-major: good idea? sublet urbana house asap spring '14 semester, $350 per month the new survivor cast includes a u of i alum who received her phd in nu... the new survivor cast includes a u of i alum who received her phd in nu... the new survivor cast includes a u of i alum who received her phd in nu... recommendations for good courses in eastern asian languages and cultures? new university bike code to be enforced after spring break new university bike code to be enforced after spring break new university bike code to be enforced after spring break new university bike code to be enforced after spring break new university bike code to be enforced after spring break math 442 with ikemefuna agbanusi? stupid question about arc lockers exchange art 103: oil painting for art 102 ps 280 need a tv! lost keys! smoking ban at uiuc course overloads looking for a roommate for fall 2014-2015 i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session i guess class is back in session online class question theatre 101 online book? stat 400/math 463 study group? til the union bookstore has a unique machine that can custom print libr... til the union bookstore has a unique machine that can custom print libr... til the union bookstore has a unique machine that can custom print libr... til the union bookstore has a unique machine that can custom print libr... mcb minor illinois alum nick offerman builds gazebo for japan house in tribute to ... student studying abroad with uiuc approved institution raped - director ... u of i's parody newspaper wrote an article about us! has anyone ever written an e-book? forecast calling for -25f tomorrow (thursday). thoughts on class cancela... unimaginable horror! how is cs484 parallel programming question about class credit odd pile up of 1s yellows when is the last day to drop classes? did anyone get the college of engineering dean's list email that usually... volunteer or donate blood at the red cross drive in the union thursday 1... ccna books? how do you do these foreign language classes? why is peabody closed? nerdy frats what are the limitations of taking fewer than 12 credit hours? pavlov gigabit wireless internet? how hard is cs440 if you haven't taken algorithms? fighting illinis/misfits logo shirts from hank. available at our show fe... any astronomy majors out here? how are these classes? iclicker rental program grade dispute? student loans how to join an rso? anybody in or know about the buddhists for world peace organization on c... cheap drinks next monday at joes joining business council? (bc) looking for investing and trading advice the fog from a few nights ago any weight loss groups or meetings? any weight loss groups or meetings? any weight loss groups or meetings? why should i (or not) go to uiuc? new spring '14 course: work and labor in sports (ler 199) is anyone in cs 357 this semester or took it last semester? :) schedule help what's the best massage place here? question for students who pay an energy bill summer sublease at 1109 w stoughton st (right across siebel center!) cs225 illini chess club places in top four at pan am chess championship illini chess club places in top four at pan am chess championship illini chess club places in top four at pan am chess championship illini chess club places in top four at pan am chess championship illini chess club places in top four at pan am chess championship language exchange newly renovated &amp; furnished rooms 3 blocks from campus $415 the hell is going on on john? need to drop a class but hold on my account taking ece 110, ece 198jl and cs 173 concurrently anyone have feedback for some psychology courses? 248 and 420 in particu... dogsh%#t bluffs dogsh%#t bluffs dogsh%#t bluffs dogsh%#t bluffs dogsh%#t bluffs pond hockey in chambana? going below 12 credit hours fuck you suburban express "best" engineering frat/honors society need an iclicker 2. does anyone have one they are selling? taxes on campus anyone preparing for christie's marathon? suburbun coupon? can i buy a used iclicker from someone? where to find a fax machine? naked man and the sex bus naked man and the sex bus naked man and the sex bus naked man and the sex bus naked man and the sex bus changing to a closed lecture? transferring in with no math/science credits parking enforcement on mlk day? parking space for sale in champaign students taking mcb 250 what are good restaurants around the champaign area to go for a nice date? what are good restaurants around the champaign area to go for a nice date? what are good restaurants around the champaign area to go for a nice date? what are good restaurants around the champaign area to go for a nice date? krannert as a graduate. will busses run tomorrow? when does spring rush start for the bigger fraternities? where can i donate plasma? quiet and alone friend needs syllabus for credit at current university: uiuc doesn't ha... friend needs syllabus for credit at current university: uiuc doesn't ha... friend needs syllabus for credit at current university: uiuc doesn't ha... friend needs syllabus for credit at current university: uiuc doesn't ha... looking for 3 people to sublease a university group apartment for august... anyone still looking for a roommate? do students need to register for the civil engineering job fair or do yo... trading/buying math 285 spot need to rent a party room or something for a bridal shower! any ideas? how hard is my schedule? gpa not high enough to get into cs, advice? any help appreciated free 6 months of amazon prime ^^ are the bookstores open already? need a ride from o'hare to uiuc tomorrow at 11:30 in the morning! willin... are any of the campus rec fitness classes worth it area man catches softball, claims east central il style street cred area man catches softball, claims east central il style street cred area man catches softball, claims east central il style street cred mcb 354 textbook? helpful? necessary? the great cover up (awesome annual local concert series) starts tonight! the great cover up (awesome annual local concert series) starts tonight! the great cover up (awesome annual local concert series) starts tonight! i may be really stupid, but i need help keeping track of my minor. anyo... i may be really stupid, but i need help keeping track of my minor. anyo... do people at uiuc use "ratemyprofessors.com" or is there some other site? do people at uiuc use "ratemyprofessors.com" or is there some other site? do people at uiuc use "ratemyprofessors.com" or is there some other site? when are professors back from break? does metritech drug test? convince me to go to uiuc for those of you who support the chief, here's the official petition on ... question for students who have transferred fe exam? co-founder of reddit will visit uiuc in februrary co-founder of reddit will visit uiuc in februrary co-founder of reddit will visit uiuc in februrary co-founder of reddit will visit uiuc in februrary co-founder of reddit will visit uiuc in februrary co-founder of reddit will visit uiuc in februrary co-founder of reddit will visit uiuc in februrary co-founder of reddit will visit uiuc in februrary how is the architecture program at uiuc? has anyone taken the npre 498 special topics course on socio-technical r... net neutrality | focus | illinois public media health insurance phi delta epsilon ui student robbed 2 blocks away from ui police station at 9:10 pm tuesd... ui student robbed 2 blocks away from ui police station at 9:10 pm tuesd... ui student robbed 2 blocks away from ui police station at 9:10 pm tuesd... ui student robbed 2 blocks away from ui police station at 9:10 pm tuesd... ui student robbed 2 blocks away from ui police station at 9:10 pm tuesd... ui student robbed 2 blocks away from ui police station at 9:10 pm tuesd... anyone know when panda express is opening? roommate for 2014-15 good experience at mckinley-just wanted to share! good experience at mckinley-just wanted to share! good experience at mckinley-just wanted to share! wanted: electronics for destruction at eoh looking for a meaningful way to give back? sign up for illini dance mara... do all uiuc ip addresses start with either 128.174 or 130.126? any chance at all that u of i chicago will cut me a break on my missing ... can i retake a chem 102 proficiency exam? official illini b-ball frustration thread rso for flash mobs? kin 104? student health care and c-u clinics ex-ui band director sentenced over instrument theft ex-ui band director sentenced over instrument theft ex-ui band director sentenced over instrument theft ex-ui band director sentenced over instrument theft any place to discard non functioning electronics? trade math 285 3:00-4:00 for a 2:00-3:00? uiuc on business insider's "14 most beautiful and iconic american colle... uiuc on business insider's "14 most beautiful and iconic american colle... uiuc on business insider's "14 most beautiful and iconic american colle... uiuc on business insider's "14 most beautiful and iconic american colle... uiuc on business insider's "14 most beautiful and iconic american colle... uiuc on business insider's "14 most beautiful and iconic american colle... uiuc on business insider's "14 most beautiful and iconic american colle... uiuc on business insider's "14 most beautiful and iconic american colle... uiuc on business insider's "14 most beautiful and iconic american colle... does getting a 32 or above on the act english . . . looking for someone who can rent me their cars for driver license test can anyone here give me info on the rowing team tryouts? looking to start a band? anyone looking for cheap housing on campus for spring-now??..only $300/m... why are classes like cs 125/173 always over capacity? at the price we p... why are classes like cs 125/173 always over capacity? at the price we p... anybody study abroad as a computer engineer? is anyone looking for a last-minute room on campus? any place for yoga learning or practice? why does the illini basketball team fall short? where is your favorite place for alone time on campus? business minor with ece major remember caitlyn - a campaign for premature baby awareness software for circuits standby list? board of trustees floats 1.7% tuition increase, ties 2013 for the small... board of trustees floats 1.7% tuition increase, ties 2013 for the small... board of trustees floats 1.7% tuition increase, ties 2013 for the small... question about finding class materials anybody driving up to chicago from champaign on friday? punk bands next saturday at thee deathtower in downtown champaign! punk bands next saturday at thee deathtower in downtown champaign!