 sga elections umass basketball ticket blarney blowout arrests. blarney blowout arrests. seriously though seriously though seriously though ever any personals on here? is it possible to keep my current room for next year? does wmua still do their vinyl sale? honors housing question looking for help finding a book, comm 140 what are some hikes near campus accessible by pvta? housing opinion wanting to check out central engineering dropout rate? anybody play super smash bros project m? blarney blowout? blarney blowout? anybody got wheelchair? comp-sci 105 midterm? wheeler residential building? does anyone know when room selection priority numbers are going to be as... where around here could i a screen replaced on an s3? anyone know what the grading policy is at umass? anybody know anywhere i can do experiments for money? is there anywhere on campus to buy stamps? ghostwriting for college students are motorized bikes allowed on campus? what are the best/easiest gen-eds that you would recomend? question about sophomore housing question about off campus housing reddit cofounder here -- see you tonight 7pm, umass! reddit cofounder here -- see you tonight 7pm, umass! reddit cofounder here -- see you tonight 7pm, umass! reddit cofounder here -- see you tonight 7pm, umass! reddit cofounder here -- see you tonight 7pm, umass! reddit cofounder here -- see you tonight 7pm, umass! reddit cofounder here -- see you tonight 7pm, umass! how do i drop a class? 'this internet thing is not a fad': reddit co-founder alexis ohanian to ... accounting 221-lowry anyone looking to room in an apartment next year? anyone looking to room in an apartment next year? has anyone taken any clep tests for electives or gotten financial aid fo... sorry if this is too generic, but as a prospective student, i was wonder... talent show - friday - 21 february dry cleaners co-founder of reddit at umass next weekend! co-founder of reddit at umass next weekend! co-founder of reddit at umass next weekend! co-founder of reddit at umass next weekend! i just launched the umassconfessionals - check it out? who's going to the career fairs on tuesday and wednesday? happy valentine's day umass!! courtesy of orchard hill. happy valentine's day umass!! courtesy of orchard hill. happy valentine's day umass!! courtesy of orchard hill. happy valentine's day umass!! courtesy of orchard hill. happy valentine's day umass!! courtesy of orchard hill. happy valentine's day umass!! courtesy of orchard hill. happy valentine's day umass!! courtesy of orchard hill. happy valentine's day umass!! courtesy of orchard hill. happy valentine's day umass!! courtesy of orchard hill. what's the best way to get from campus to greenfield? with it being a snow day and all.... snow day predictions making friends after college? where can i buy flowers on campus for valentines day? easiest/cheapest way to get to providence, ri? anyone work at or know of any start-ups in the pioneer valley that you t... i have some questions about umass and cost of life there got a few minutes to make someone's day? freshman guy here...what the hell do you guys do for parties? anyone ever take comp sci 105 with verts? cable internet question. lost ring $200 reward lost ring $200 reward umass band looking for a drummer to fill in for a gig since when was our internet this fast? family restaurants around amherst? anyone else in comm 288 with sut jhally who wants to swap notes? making friends? making friends? do you want to build a snowman??? what is the likelihood of umass closing tomorrow? what is the likelihood of umass closing tomorrow? optimizing internet connection whats up /r/umass? whats up /r/umass? anyone know of any places for small time bands to play? made a umass wallpaper amherst favorite antonio's pizza will open in boston - the restaurant hub amherst favorite antonio's pizza will open in boston - the restaurant hub amherst favorite antonio's pizza will open in boston - the restaurant hub anyone know of hiking trails that are local (within a 30-minute-ish drive)? a bunch of friends and myself are visiting this weekend. any recommendat... are there any physical fitness clubs on campus for extremely inexperien... are there any physical fitness clubs on campus for extremely inexperien... selling arctic monkey tickets. venue in boston on 2/6 what's going on over in mcnamara right now? what's your favorite class you've taken at umass? anyone live between here and boston? need a ride to any spot between her... atlantic 10 all-access -- free video stream for tonight's basketball gam... consequences of getting written up twice? i guess the trash bins will have to do knife carry making my way out to amherst nutritional content for procrastination station/blue wall? anyone know of a good tailor in the area? how much is average off campus rent? looking for a crt tv tutor for chem 112? candles in the north apartments? carpool to paxeast? i wonder how many schools can claim champions in the four major sports has anyone taken chem 471 and chem 315? does anyone here plan on going to uvm this friday? are any of you compsci majors and/or have any of you taken cmpsci230? anyone here play ffxiv regularly? seeking advice from mie students that took thermodynamics pretty dumb question but... management 301 textbook umass basketball is now ranked 13th in the country! umass basketball is now ranked 13th in the country! umass basketball is now ranked 13th in the country! umass basketball is now ranked 13th in the country! umass basketball is now ranked 13th in the country! has anyone been able to set up umass wi-fi on a nintendo 3ds? suggestions for one credit easy seminar connecting chromecast to wifi? has anyone been to the central rock gym in hadley? where can i get air? does umass do taxes for students for free? umass overcomes 4 point deficit in last 26 seconds to beat george mason! umass overcomes 4 point deficit in last 26 seconds to beat george mason! umass overcomes 4 point deficit in last 26 seconds to beat george mason! iama graduating umass senior. this is my last semester and i have learn... iama graduating umass senior. this is my last semester and i have learn... where can i learn matlab? umass jumps up to #16 in the ap poll with wins over st. josephs's and s... umass jumps up to #16 in the ap poll with wins over st. josephs's and s... umass jumps up to #16 in the ap poll with wins over st. josephs's and s... umass jumps up to #16 in the ap poll with wins over st. josephs's and s... umass comes back from 13 down with 9 minutes left to pull off win umass comes back from 13 down with 9 minutes left to pull off win umass comes back from 13 down with 9 minutes left to pull off win mark whipple will reportedly return to coach minuteman football mark whipple will reportedly return to coach minuteman football any ideas on how to earn extra money as a grad student? a new umass app :p a new umass app :p easiest way to get a drivers license? what do you guys wish you knew before coming to umass? what do you guys wish you knew before coming to umass? umass basketball vs. st. joe's: where to catch the game (opening a-10 c... umass basketball vs. st. joe's: where to catch the game (opening a-10 c... umass basketball moves to #19 in the latest ap poll. umass basketball moves to #19 in the latest ap poll. umass basketball moves to #19 in the latest ap poll. umass basketball moves to #19 in the latest ap poll. why does the administration suck so much balls? anybody take microeconomics with friedman? looking for umass stories/accounts of student experiences aplia........... what's the earliest day i can move in next semester? bike lock suggestions? umass takes the win with 1.1 seconds left in overtime over the providen... umass takes the win with 1.1 seconds left in overtime over the providen... umass takes the win with 1.1 seconds left in overtime over the providen... umass takes the win with 1.1 seconds left in overtime over the providen... football coach charlie molnar fired after two terrible seasons football coach charlie molnar fired after two terrible seasons football coach charlie molnar fired after two terrible seasons mens ice hockey umass stays ranked at #23 in the ap poll after first loss of the year a... umass stays ranked at #23 in the ap poll after first loss of the year a... umass stays ranked at #23 in the ap poll after first loss of the year a... which res. halls have the largest single dorms? great espn article on chaz williams as ncaab's top story. great espn article on chaz williams as ncaab's top story. great espn article on chaz williams as ncaab's top story. looking for a umass basketball at ohio bobcats video stream? this one's ... umass basketball is now ranked 20th in the country! umass basketball is now ranked 20th in the country! can a 3 credit class satisfy a gen-ed? umass basketball moves to 9-0 with a victory over niu! umass basketball moves to 9-0 with a victory over niu! umass basketball moves to 9-0 with a victory over niu! umass basketball moves to 9-0 with a victory over niu! what happens if you retake a course and do worse the second time? econ103 with janis? thinking of pledging in spring 2014. advice? missed a final exam...advise please minutemen drop a place in ap poll delayed opening 12/9/13 delayed opening 12/9/13 #21 umass beats byu 105-96 , stays undefeated #21 umass beats byu 105-96 , stays undefeated #21 umass beats byu 105-96 , stays undefeated #21 umass beats byu 105-96 , stays undefeated #21 umass beats byu 105-96 , stays undefeated #21 umass beats byu 105-96 , stays undefeated where can i find a record player? good websites to search for off campus housing - besides craigslist and ... recognize this location? recognize this location? recognize this location? public service note has anybody taken comp-lit 236 digital culture? any good places to study friday or saturday night? help?! is the umass student union *really* inaccessible? umass-amherst to invest $2m in electronic key passes and other dorm sec... umass-amherst to invest $2m in electronic key passes and other dorm sec... where can i get my laptop screen fixed? five college researchers work on finding life on the red planet reddit t-shirt giveaway ends tonight at 11pm! month of graduation? a few questions from a potential student former minuteman justin braun leading the nhl in plus/ minus. former minuteman justin braun leading the nhl in plus/ minus. hey umass! next thursday is valley gives day! has anyone used either t-mobile pre-paid or repubic wirelss on campus? any stores in the area sell extra long ties? umass basketball is now ranked 21st in the country! umass basketball is now ranked 21st in the country! umass basketball is now ranked 21st in the country! umass basketball is now ranked 21st in the country! closest store to umass that sell steam gift cards? band submissions for extravaganja 2014 are now open! just a warning, someone at the taco bell in hadley has been using my cr... just a warning, someone at the taco bell in hadley has been using my cr... just a warning, someone at the taco bell in hadley has been using my cr... on the front page of cbs college basketball page on the front page of cbs college basketball page reddit t-shirt and stickers giveaway contest on facebook and twitter! where are the best places to order chinese for delivery? for the first time in 15 years, umass is in the top 25 for basketball! for the first time in 15 years, umass is in the top 25 for basketball! for the first time in 15 years, umass is in the top 25 for basketball! for the first time in 15 years, umass is in the top 25 for basketball! for the first time in 15 years, umass is in the top 25 for basketball! did anyone else see a meteor in the sky at about 1am on saturday morning? umass beats clemson 62-56 , improve to 6-0 umass beats clemson 62-56 , improve to 6-0 umass beats clemson 62-56 , improve to 6-0 can someone solder some wires back for me? secret/cool spots on and around campus secret/cool spots on and around campus secret/cool spots on and around campus til the late lynn margulis, a professor of biology, was married to carl... til the late lynn margulis, a professor of biology, was married to carl... umass beats#19 new mexico 81-65 umass beats#19 new mexico 81-65 umass beats#19 new mexico 81-65 umass beats#19 new mexico 81-65 umass beats nebraska 96-90 in the opening game of the charleston classi... umass beats nebraska 96-90 in the opening game of the charleston classi... umass beats nebraska 96-90 in the opening game of the charleston classi... easiest class to satisfy biological science requirement? ghl tonight (11/20) anybody else in 197b and do the sodoku problem? chaz williams named atlantic 10 player of the week chaz williams named atlantic 10 player of the week reddit co-founder alexis ohanian live at umass!!! reddit co-founder alexis ohanian live at umass!!! umass receives top 25 votes in both coaches (8) and ap poll (2) release... umass receives top 25 votes in both coaches (8) and ap poll (2) release... looking for a ride to new london for thanksgiving 5 college area sexual assault survivor blog typical classes question umass beats 4-0 youngstown state 85-69, move to 3-0 umass beats 4-0 youngstown state 85-69, move to 3-0 umass beats 4-0 youngstown state 85-69, move to 3-0 looking for easy class that will fill biological science and arts and li... how does the waiting list for a class work? i'm looking for a calligraphy class or calligraphy type class at umass, ... heroin user stalks students at umass library to steal their mac laptops... heroin user stalks students at umass library to steal their mac laptops... spire will not allow me to enroll into a class.... question about torrenting on secure1x... after the classes i've picked, i need 2 credits to graduate, any suggest... scuba class what is your worst experience with residential life? umass beats lsu in home opener 92-90 umass beats lsu in home opener 92-90 umass beats lsu in home opener 92-90 umass beats lsu in home opener 92-90 is there anywhere on campus i can play drums? does anyone know how long it takes to resolve a uhs hold? umass basketball wins their season opener against boston college at the... umass basketball wins their season opener against boston college at the... umass basketball wins their season opener against boston college at the... umass basketball wins their season opener against boston college at the... can anyone recommend a relatively easy u diversity course? if you have friends coming up where could they park overnight? looking for a good/easy al/at to take connecting to xbox live final semester. looking for the best classes/activities/things. traditional irish and scottish music class ghl 11/6/13 easy g diversity gen-ed? my [3] friends and i want to start looking for off-campus housing for ne... chem 112 help picking class? newly single, kinda depressed. would appreciate any company. (guys let'... newly single, kinda depressed. would appreciate any company. (guys let'... easy 3 or 4 credit class...? umass videogame event in the campus center 165 right now! come by or watch! umass amherst red sox riot (attempt) 2013 [9:01] umass amherst red sox riot (attempt) 2013 [9:01] umass video game club charity gaming marathon this saturday from 8 am to... umass red sox celebration ghl halloween party tomorrow night from seven to midnight who is eligible to live in the lincoln apartments? accounting homework ... chegg help? vpn on umass (unsecure)? anyone take 20+ credits? tires slashed on 40 cars in squire village apartments tires slashed on 40 cars in squire village apartments recommended teachers for chem 112, calc 128, bio 152, physics 131, and e... applying to umass central rock hadley anyone driving to the homecoming game tomorrow that has an extra seat in... umass video game club meeting, thursday~~ dessert crawl in amherst center dessert crawl in amherst center planning to transfer in the fall housing for older people need help with os installation dota 2 club/players? would i be able to bring a waterbottle in the hockey game? any places to play some hockey besides the mullins center? weird transfer student post... anyone know a good place to get a haircut around here? does anybody have a ti graphing calculator that i could buy or borrow fo... what can be done if someone's room in your residential hall consistently... this is a hampshire dc burrito, never forgot the glory that was once hamp this is a hampshire dc burrito, never forgot the glory that was once hamp this is a hampshire dc burrito, never forgot the glory that was once hamp this is a hampshire dc burrito, never forgot the glory that was once hamp this is a hampshire dc burrito, never forgot the glory that was once hamp this is a hampshire dc burrito, never forgot the glory that was once hamp this is a hampshire dc burrito, never forgot the glory that was once hamp this is a hampshire dc burrito, never forgot the glory that was once hamp well, i saw a roach in my dining hall this morning... will my package be delivered since i forgot to put down the name of my r... umass finally wins a football game! (17-10 vs. miami-oh) umass finally wins a football game! (17-10 vs. miami-oh) umass finally wins a football game! (17-10 vs. miami-oh) umass finally wins a football game! (17-10 vs. miami-oh) umass finally wins a football game! (17-10 vs. miami-oh) umass finally wins a football game! (17-10 vs. miami-oh) this popped up in the rec center. (no one believes me.) this popped up in the rec center. (no one believes me.) go on a hike this weekend go on a hike this weekend ghl noob night, seven to midnight in 168c in the campus center request: anyone know anything about the arrest in front of the library ... request: anyone know anything about the arrest in front of the library ... does anyone have experience getting scholarships from isenberg? is dressing up during classes a thing on halloween? anyone looking for a room off campus asap? how difficult is chemistry 112? best local beers? are masks allowed for halloween? ghl tonight in room 168c of the campus center a pretty cool new shop opened up in town, for when you're wondering wha... a pretty cool new shop opened up in town, for when you're wondering wha... made a um hockey bulletin board made a um hockey bulletin board no more edm concerts at umass no more edm concerts at umass no more edm concerts at umass anybody going to upstate ny columbus day weekend? interested in meeting the co-founder of reddit? will be coming to umass... interested in meeting the co-founder of reddit? will be coming to umass... interested in meeting the co-founder of reddit? will be coming to umass... where to study on the weekend, when du bois closes at 9? umass talk - anonymously talk to other umass students... about anything umass talk - anonymously talk to other umass students... about anything how long does excess express usually take? thought you guys would like this. thought you guys would like this. thought you guys would like this. thought you guys would like this. is sut jhally still around? a friend of mine remixed one of his lectures... what was really happening outside the student union today what was really happening outside the student union today reddit meetup ideas/september update my roommate wants to smoke marijuana in the dorm room; what should i do? want to start an indie band? umass amherst cancels 'return to fantazia' dance party because of concer... can you believe this? can you believe this? the university of massachusetts is now ranked the 91st best university ... the university of massachusetts is now ranked the 91st best university ... the university of massachusetts is now ranked the 91st best university ... the university of massachusetts is now ranked the 91st best university ... anybody know where i can find a list of all the available clubs and grou... just curious... umass amherst student evan jones,19, found dead in dorm room | masslive... umass amherst student evan jones,19, found dead in dorm room | masslive... thoughts on joining house council? when does board game club start this semester? what is the scope of a real estates authority? umass amherst cited as among best campuses for lgbt students | masslive... umass amherst cited as among best campuses for lgbt students | masslive... like to sing or beatbox? audition for the dynamics! which umass college subreddit is this? curious about the tobacco-free policy? this collegian article hits a lo... curious about the tobacco-free policy? this collegian article hits a lo... photography club for any new students seeking advice new umass email and iphones umass football tickets? anyone else experiencing connectivity issues in the towers (southwest) anyone know of good 1 credit classes? trouble connecting to wifi with galaxy s3 peak hours for rec center? fall check-in on spire anyone need a workout buddy? quick move-in question, where exactly is "southwest stadium?" it's my ch... why the f$^% is the internet so slow? psa: don't forget dreamspark! free software, os, and more! psa: don't forget dreamspark! free software, os, and more! question on dorm delivery can i get my books delivered to my dorm? off-campus housing suggestions? which dining common is going to be under construction this upcoming seme... how is the light pollution on and near campus? move in day does anybody know where i find umail? my textbooks this semester are $600...what. question about parking passes i was an ard (assistant residence director), ama what is the difference between normal lectures and a seminar? how much w... umass, mount holyoke, holyoke community and other local colleges want to... umass rape defendant asks for bail reduction | masslive.com trying to switch into cs major? allowed to set up a wireless router? sunderland package store robbery foiled after knife-wielding man confro... sunderland package store robbery foiled after knife-wielding man confro... quick question anyone play smash/melee? i would love to edit your work! alright r/umass, what is the worst class you ever took? alright r/umass, what is the worst class you ever took? can someone fill me in on the shuttle situation? guys, how hard is statistic 550? my advisor told me i should take it eve... amherst/pv mechanic which is the better job? buying microfridge... dorm room dorm room transferring to isenberg thoughts on brett hall? can you not download anything on campus? how does the suite bathroom situation work out? packing list specific to umass singing lessons on campus or around amherst? living in southwest as a junior... non work study jobs on campus is frank closing second semester? peter pan bus or other buses? where do i buy tickets? group music lessons - bluegrass, celtic, klezmer i cofounded reddit, wrote a book about it, and i'd love to visit on my ... i cofounded reddit, wrote a book about it, and i'd love to visit on my ... i cofounded reddit, wrote a book about it, and i'd love to visit on my ... is there a place to vote for food sections in dining commons? (like a de... work study jobs on campus? anyone know of any fun and free things to do in amherst/the surrounding ... what is your favorite thing about umass? when do the dining rooms close? move in day? ghl for august question for those of you who've used the different banking systems in t... power up? anyone willing to share their experiences? do the dc's take credit cards? resecon212 or stats 240? how do i check my employment records from working on campus? fall nso...tell me some of this is optional new umass.apps email service having trouble finding off-campus housing 2013 undergrad graduation pamphlet how do i decline the federal direct loans? how do you like your political science classes? new england regional tuition? umass student death conspiracy website umass student death conspiracy website what are the best jobs/internships you can think of to complete during t... umass smoking ban begins without fanfare umass smoking ban begins without fanfare umass smoking ban begins without fanfare aspen square questions umass cs program? i searched this subreddit and people seem to dislike sylvan dorm. what i... what are the most interesting classes you have taken? help with double major transfer student overnight nso question? looking to purchase used books (or recommendations to not purchase at all) anyone know of good fishing spots in the area? is umass giving out my umail to outside sources? rental question.... here i lie...staring at the northeast ceiling and finishing my first day... any dog friendly housing out here? anyone looking for a place to live near umass? cross-posting from craigs... i made a umass winter and spring time-lapse i made a umass winter and spring time-lapse i made a umass winter and spring time-lapse amherst is so pretty, even on rainy thursdays. anyone leave an trek bicycle unlocked? explosion in north amherst? umpd officer charged with child rape umpd officer charged with child rape off campus internet? umass to receive $95 million to create three life science centers on am... umass to receive $95 million to create three life science centers on am... does umass offer any physed courses? umass amherst reports intrusion into health records what's a good place to swim in the amherst/sunderland area on a bus rout... another noob question (sorry)... what do you love about umass? best coffee shops a friend of mine who i've gone to school with since elementary school w... a friend of mine who i've gone to school with since elementary school w... possibly applying to umass amherst t-mobile cell coverage on campus/amherst? easiest gen ed classes? krav maga in amherst? commonwealth honors college? opinions on the poli sci department? transfer student interested in computer science major/community thoughts on the power up for college success supplementary program? games hobbyist league, tomorrow (5/22) from 7 to 12. yes, we're still ru... what's the deal with social world electives? bichemistry &amp;molecular bio or microbiology for pre med/pre dental? tentative agreement reached for umass memorial nurses; no movement on ag... moving to amherst if anybody's still in town ghl is still running. questions from an incoming student hunger in the global economy general ed any neuroscience/cog sci majors? leaning tower of umass umass medical center nurses plan to strike on may 23 til we won't have u-mail next year stephen constantine, professor in umass engineering and computer scienc... stephen constantine, professor in umass engineering and computer scienc... stephen constantine, professor in umass engineering and computer scienc... stephen constantine, professor in umass engineering and computer scienc... found flash drive, no access to umass address book umass to graduate record class of 5,500 friday at mcguirk stadium umass to graduate record class of 5,500 friday at mcguirk stadium left my wallet in the library while studying for finals.. there is hope... left my wallet in the library while studying for finals.. there is hope... left my wallet in the library while studying for finals.. there is hope... left my wallet in the library while studying for finals.. there is hope... left my wallet in the library while studying for finals.. there is hope... left my wallet in the library while studying for finals.. there is hope... left my wallet in the library while studying for finals.. there is hope... left my wallet in the library while studying for finals.. there is hope... left my wallet in the library while studying for finals.. there is hope... hooray for unusable internet! student living umass wifi is particularly bad during finals week umass wifi is particularly bad during finals week umass wifi is particularly bad during finals week umass wifi is particularly bad during finals week to whoever hooked up a wireless printer in greenough and is fucking wit... to whoever hooked up a wireless printer in greenough and is fucking wit... to whoever hooked up a wireless printer in greenough and is fucking wit... android dining commons app i made in the past couple of days android dining commons app i made in the past couple of days summer jobs in amherst? entering class as a microbio/pre dental. advice on program, first year c... any advice for an incoming freshman(class of 2017) dudes meowing outside of patterson--what the eff? dudes meowing outside of patterson--what the eff? chasers and beaters: a mock film trailer about umass amherst quidditch is 'get a c on the final to get a c in the class' an artificial barrier? the massachusetts daily collegian to cease putting out a friday print ed... hey, subbaswamy here with another fantastic product hey, subbaswamy here with another fantastic product hey, subbaswamy here with another fantastic product hey, subbaswamy here with another fantastic product hey, subbaswamy here with another fantastic product hey, subbaswamy here with another fantastic product last ghl meeting of the semester, tomorrow (5/1) from 7pm-midnight in 10... shout out to the all the janitors shout out to the all the janitors shout out to the all the janitors shout out to the all the janitors shout out to the all the janitors shout out to the all the janitors shout out to the all the janitors shout out to the all the janitors shout out to the all the janitors why does umass ask their students, whom their charging enough as it is, ... thank god were not the only school senior looking for some easy credits next semester best place to live as a freshman? umass vs. michigan vs. cornell? come see casanova at the fac this weekend! it's a sexy sexy show...and d... [hiring freshmen/sophomores programmers] ruby on rails web developer - c... umass biology? steven colbert yelling "nerds!" at umass steven colbert yelling "nerds!" at umass steven colbert yelling "nerds!" at umass steven colbert yelling "nerds!" at umass steven colbert yelling "nerds!" at umass steven colbert yelling "nerds!" at umass steven colbert yelling "nerds!" at umass steven colbert yelling "nerds!" at umass steven colbert yelling "nerds!" at umass incoming engineer...how many classes can i take a semester? umass amherst launches new online training to help students make good de... parking for last two weeks? [hiring] minus app is now taking applications for summer and fall colleg... hampshire mall closed down due to potential bomb threat hampshire mall closed down due to potential bomb threat umass amherst 7th annual car show (note: not all cars at the show are i... umass amherst 7th annual car show (note: not all cars at the show are i... umass amherst 7th annual car show (note: not all cars at the show are i... umass amherst 7th annual car show (note: not all cars at the show are i... apparently paul markham is the commencement speaker this year... summer housing swap? declaring a second major future of campus future of campus future of campus extravaganja rally/festival on this saturday! where to park a visitor over the weekend? new class of 2017 student. question on sylvan looking for a house next semester what's a fun, relatively easy course to take here? umass health services... what do you think about the dc? boyden gym basketball during winter? nyu vs. umass tiny building near pond? brace yourself.... brace yourself.... umass's best and worst departments. classy restaurants in the amherst area? karl rove protests at umass making the news. karl rove protests at umass making the news. does uhs offer mental health services?? does uhs offer mental health services?? what's a nice, easy ps gen-ed? anyone selling spring concert floor tickets? how are rooms on the 4th floor of hamlin? easy class to fill history gen ed? looking for an easy bs gen-ed anyone looking for an apartment starting june 1st? i am moving out early. let's talk about larry kelly! let's talk about larry kelly! get your game on @ du bois umail question license and a few other cards found! german 331: survey of german literature 800-1700 found: red blood cell keychain doll by isb summer housing thread. staying in the area &amp; need a housemate? housing recommendations umass divest has anyone won a parking citation appeal, and what was your excuse? has anyone won a parking citation appeal, and what was your excuse? umass ranked as ugliest college in the usa umass ranked as ugliest college in the usa empty containers does umass offer any video/film/music editing/graphic design courses? anyone have a wii u/wii and know how to connect them with the wireless n... any nice dating ideas for the amherst area? general chemistry 111 - who do you recommend? questions about the graduate program there in chemistry alright, which one of you did this? alright, which one of you did this? alright, which one of you did this? alright, which one of you did this? the elder scrolls online food truck is coming here to umass tomorrow!  the elder scrolls online food truck is coming here to umass tomorrow!  crc battle of the bands tonight! anybody work as a umass minute mover? a videogame club is starting. we need your signatures, as were almost at... umass amherst students, check out my free app.  nutritional info for am... umass amherst students, check out my free app.  nutritional info for am... umass amherst students, check out my free app.  nutritional info for am... ghl noob night in room 168c of the campus center on 3/27 7-12. should i pursue a major in english (and chc) or pick something else? part-time status and financial aid international grad student looking for off campus shared flat. beginning... finding 5 college parties without facebook on average, what can an out-of-stater expect to pay each year? to anybody still here during break: the game hobbyist's league is still ... honors dorms? just a question about student loans.  best food courts at umass? spring concert lineup announced, for once i actually want to go! i go home for one weekend, and this is what my back yard looks like now... i go home for one weekend, and this is what my back yard looks like now... i go home for one weekend, and this is what my back yard looks like now... i go home for one weekend, and this is what my back yard looks like now... i go home for one weekend, and this is what my back yard looks like now... umass chat roulette - talk to random umass students about anything umass chat roulette - talk to random umass students about anything the umass confession facebook page's submission box. fill it with anyth... the umass confession facebook page's submission box. fill it with anyth... recently got accepted to umass amherst and i have questions best off campus place to park for free? best multiyear halls on campus withdrawing from classes question anyone have a 12-string guitar? anyone else having trouble submitting things on moodle? june 1- august 28 take-over lease (with option to renew) for townhouses ... hi, everybody! quick financial aid question. the big game on thursday the big game on thursday the big game on thursday where can i find specific, codified laws relating to umass traffic viola... are youtube converters against umass policy?  get your game on at the du bois library tonight until 10pm - table top ... get your game on at the du bois library tonight until 10pm - table top ... looking for a place on campus with reliable wifi anyone at umass into wargaming? is the meetup still happening? is the meetup still happening? looking for a roommate! bill cosby showing his umass pride! bill cosby showing his umass pride! bill cosby showing his umass pride! bill cosby showing his umass pride! bill cosby showing his umass pride! bill cosby showing his umass pride! looking for some help with a survey for my anthro 281 class. games hobbyist league, room 168c from seven to midnight, wednesday 2/27 we're looking for some game programmers what are they doing behind the library? computer science or biomolecular and chemistry north apartments next year kudos-mullins bull gang kudos-mullins bull gang moving to amherst, need to find an apartment so, here's a description of my favorite thing to do on a friday night a... so, here's a description of my favorite thing to do on a friday night a... so, here's a description of my favorite thing to do on a friday night a... so, here's a description of my favorite thing to do on a friday night a... games hobbyist league noob night, tonight (7pm-midnight) in 168c of the ... careers in hr networking event staying on campus during spring break??? i work for housing at umass. the other day i had access to the roofs of... i work for housing at umass. the other day i had access to the roofs of... i work for housing at umass. the other day i had access to the roofs of... i work for housing at umass. the other day i had access to the roofs of... i work for housing at umass. the other day i had access to the roofs of... i work for housing at umass. the other day i had access to the roofs of... i work for housing at umass. the other day i had access to the roofs of... i work for housing at umass. the other day i had access to the roofs of... i work for housing at umass. the other day i had access to the roofs of... cell coverage in the area? we have an ugly campus?  i disagree.. we have an ugly campus?  i disagree.. we have an ugly campus?  i disagree.. we have an ugly campus?  i disagree.. we have an ugly campus?  i disagree.. we have an ugly campus?  i disagree.. we have an ugly campus?  i disagree.. new tobacco policy new tobacco policy proposal at franklin dc proposal at franklin dc proposal at franklin dc proposal at franklin dc proposal at franklin dc today's basketball game vs. st. joe's moved to 7pm a travel ban in massachusetts begins at 4pm. penalties: $500 fine and u... a travel ban in massachusetts begins at 4pm. penalties: $500 fine and u... where are the best places to go sledding in amherst? fucked up, got caught smoking. anyone know my potential consequences?  school closed at noon tomorrow? i made a mini-mode time-lapse from the library today.  i made a mini-mode time-lapse from the library today.  i made a mini-mode time-lapse from the library today.  i made a mini-mode time-lapse from the library today.  i made a mini-mode time-lapse from the library today.  studio arts major? where can i develop 35mm film near amherst? any bassists or drummers around here? does your band (or your friend's band) want to play extravaganja 2013?!? does your band (or your friend's band) want to play extravaganja 2013?!? what vending machines/stores around campus are worth buying from (in ter... looking to sublet my apartment windows 8 ping issues are there any photography courses at umass that i can take if i'm not an... january mod post january mod post psa: food trucks now accept regular meal swipes during peak hours. psa: food trucks now accept regular meal swipes during peak hours. psa: food trucks now accept regular meal swipes during peak hours. mtg umass dungeons &amp; dragons umass dungeons &amp; dragons beekeeping club? students adjust to first week without hampshire dc |the daily collegian seeking: local bands and locally-grown music and content for wxoj 103.3 ... question, probably more directed at umass girls: free prints every time it logs me out every time it logs me out every time it logs me out every time it logs me out every time it logs me out every time it logs me out application questions a helpful office on campus a helpful office on campus a helpful office on campus apartments around amherst cause of amherst fire that killed umass student james 'jake' hoffman rem... fellow experienced webassign users, is it worth buying the lifetime edit... subreddit meetup tentative planning subreddit meetup tentative planning amherst restaurants say umass undercutting their food service | amherst ... i got a little annoyed with the piss on the seats and the unflushed toil... yet another xbox live thread is a comp sci major worth it? has anyone taken cs187 (data structures) before? "fire claims male victim at rolling green apartment complex in amherst.... "fire claims male victim at rolling green apartment complex in amherst.... "fire claims male victim at rolling green apartment complex in amherst.... "fire claims male victim at rolling green apartment complex in amherst.... any help on setting up xbox live? anyone know anyone in the studio arts major here? thinking about applying. are you using your iclicker2 this semester? easiest gen-eds jobs for a freshman? cinematography clubs? fafsa advice bike share program? admission into sphhs i'm looking for room mates starting at the end of the spring semester.  can we move the 'will i get in" and apartment posts somewhere else? is there anyway to tell if your already declared or not? don't forget you can get free 2-day shipping off amazon if you sign up f... sat, jan 19, at 4pm umass is retiring marcus camby's jersey before their... from blackboard to moodle (and back?) 1k subscriber special!  1k subscriber special!  you can only have 4 classes per term? anyone wanna recommend some science gpa boosters? campus view from mt. norwottuck today. one of many great hiking spots i... campus view from mt. norwottuck today. one of many great hiking spots i... campus view from mt. norwottuck today. one of many great hiking spots i... campus view from mt. norwottuck today. one of many great hiking spots i... nyt article about umass and the fbs nyt article about umass and the fbs course override graduation 2012. what a day! graduation 2012. what a day! my friend made this website as an easy place to find things for umass s... my friend made this website as an easy place to find things for umass s... my friend made this website as an easy place to find things for umass s... my friend made this website as an easy place to find things for umass s... incoming spring foreign exchange student here, anything i should know? anyone take biology 510/514/523 previously? looking to sublet my place over the summer anyone interested? discount ski passes i'm in an on campus quad this semester and getting moved out because the... transferring to umass north apartments vs. off campus? holiday presents! holiday presents! any bars showing soccer(footie)? anyone else having difficulty with the internet? anyone else having difficulty with the internet? grayson, ohill what letter grade do you need to get in a pass/fail in order to receive ... is it too late to switch a class to pass/fail? umass sports blogs/ websites umass sports blogs/ websites can anyone help me with info on filling out a transfer application? looking for iphone repair in the area. compsci majors or any tech savvy people out there, how would i go about ... xbox live help ...how? (sylvan) ...how? (sylvan) best place to park bike on campus? ps gen-eds? best classes to fulfill g diversity or u diversity requirement? umass band day 2012! stay out of my territory stay out of my territory stay out of my territory stay out of my territory stay out of my territory stay out of my territory uniquely great classes at umass? another buzzer beater win for umass basketball! another buzzer beater win for umass basketball! the umass-cs network got a little upgrade... the umass-cs network got a little upgrade... so what the hell was that explosion? so what the hell was that explosion? does umass just not trust their employees? does umass just not trust their employees? i want to make close friends that i actually hang out with. not just "ha... failing a class? uhs pharmacy- same as cvs? tonight - the crc presents: jack cole from leap umass basketball beats harvard with a buzzer beater in the season opener!! umass basketball beats harvard with a buzzer beater in the season opener!! umass basketball beats harvard with a buzzer beater in the season opener!! classes for the spring semester so about xbox live... looking for roommate i don't know what to make of this... (posted outside franklin) i don't know what to make of this... (posted outside franklin) i don't know what to make of this... (posted outside franklin) any photographers? i need help! interested in some work next saturday?  hockey vs providence college friday 7 pm 11/9 i accidently took physics 131 instead of 151. can somebody tell me what ... obama wins, umass riots obama wins, umass riots obama wins, umass riots obama wins, umass riots anyone getting halo tonight that doesn't mind giving me a ride back to ... anyone getting halo tonight that doesn't mind giving me a ride back to ... anyone game? great date ideas?  does anyone have a wine corkscrew?  any mtg players on campus? hockey tonight vs unh at 7pm!! hockey tonight vs unh at 7pm!! so, we should totally think about having flair. good call, professors! good call, professors! good call, professors! where is the best place to study and do homework on campus? so this guy is walking a goose on a leash in northampton, ma (x-post fr... so this guy is walking a goose on a leash in northampton, ma (x-post fr... so this guy is walking a goose on a leash in northampton, ma (x-post fr... so this guy is walking a goose on a leash in northampton, ma (x-post fr... so this guy is walking a goose on a leash in northampton, ma (x-post fr... so this guy is walking a goose on a leash in northampton, ma (x-post fr... so this guy is walking a goose on a leash in northampton, ma (x-post fr... here's hurricane sandy for you here's hurricane sandy for you here's hurricane sandy for you here's hurricane sandy for you here's hurricane sandy for you here's hurricane sandy for you here's hurricane sandy for you no classes tomorrow no classes tomorrow no classes tomorrow no classes tomorrow making small work of the construction on campus making small work of the construction on campus making small work of the construction on campus making small work of the construction on campus making small work of the construction on campus university of massachusetts amherst - imgur university of massachusetts amherst - imgur university of massachusetts amherst - imgur university of massachusetts amherst - imgur university of massachusetts amherst - imgur anyone interested in selling me their clicker after this semester? anyone live on plumtree rd in sunderland? this is one of the reasons i follow umass basketball players on twitter.... need input (construction around pond?) best place to do laundry in amherst? where should i go to get my bass amp fixed? i wish we could have pulled that one out :( i wish we could have pulled that one out :( 2 tickets to see john hodgman and johnathan coulton on nov 2nd does anyone have a small screw driver i could borrow? i make comics sometimes. i make comics sometimes. i make comics sometimes. i make comics sometimes. i make comics sometimes. i make comics sometimes. i make comics sometimes. i make comics sometimes. i make comics sometimes. i make comics sometimes. sign up for dropbox and help umass students earn free space where should i go in town to get my hair cut? i think i may be depressed, and i want to get help. does the university... i think i may be depressed, and i want to get help. does the university... looking to rent in belchertown/pelham/amherst, need some advice. change machines on campus? lost a cat lost a cat video game tournament today, saturday oct. 13th! hockey home opener vs. uconn tonight at 7pm! can you buy tickets at mullins center? is anyone interested in writing about film? contact us at movie fail rev... yet another smoking gun umass amherst off-campus students told to "move their beds" before fire... umass amherst off-campus students told to "move their beds" before fire... broken laptop screen, or phone screen?  shoot me an email, i fix them. umass hockey blog for all that haven't heard of it yet. very in depth a... umass hockey blog for all that haven't heard of it yet. very in depth a... come on over to r/northampton! come on over to r/northampton! anyone have advice on how to connect my ds to the campus wifi? finally! finally! finally! finally! finally! finally! finally! finally! subreddit is under maintenance the ice is down with the new logo!! the ice is down with the new logo!! the ice is down with the new logo!! umass and amherst police departments will conduct joint patrols to quell... can i apply for two secondary majors at a time/ the umass marching band at allentown. a must see!  the umass marching band at allentown. a must see!  beautiful collection of umass photos beautiful collection of umass photos i made a /r/umass poster you can put up in places, or scribble your use... i made a /r/umass poster you can put up in places, or scribble your use... no ethernet ports anymore? questions about xbox live re: meetup; i.e., why i'm an idiot. re: meetup; i.e., why i'm an idiot. is anyone around amherst looking for roommates? what are your favorite bars, and what's the atmosphere there? what are your favorite bars, and what's the atmosphere there? guys guys guys, our favorite person is back, paul markham  guys guys guys, our favorite person is back, paul markham  meetup coming for tour, hopefully there in spring. anyone want to meet up? kayaking in totman : tuesdays and thursdays. so someone ripped one of the sinks off of the wall in wheeler last nigh... so someone ripped one of the sinks off of the wall in wheeler last nigh... favorite room type? heard you like construction heard you like construction heard you like construction heard you like construction i've noticed a lot of people riding mopeds and scooters around campus an... more changes to the umass subreddit look psych 100? anyone else really bored right now? wow bill cosby just completely shat on umass students and football players where to watch football games online?  ed lab id apparently the new head football coach for umass crashed into a umts bu... apparently the new head football coach for umass crashed into a umts bu... apparently the new head football coach for umass crashed into a umts bu... like to sing? audition for the dynamics a cappella group! best way to get textbooks? potential transfer student here, need some advice on in-state/out-of-sta... how would i set up xbox live using osx lion? just transferred here don't know anyone. someone talk to me?  easy way/carpooling to get to boston? umass tows over 200 cars last night umass tows over 200 cars last night umass tows over 200 cars last night world record seafood chowder/stew event- anyone else get just empty shel... /r/umass meetup edition i: let the games begin. /r/umass meetup edition i: let the games begin. cat 5 keystone jack "placeholders" in dorms lofting kit pins online discussions? mailbox on campus? stop and shop showing support. stop and shop showing support. stop and shop showing support. stop and shop showing support. stop and shop showing support. stop and shop showing support. umass marching band night practice if i skip the fall nso, will i miss a lot if anything? has anyone taken music 103 or 150? anybody in leach? or northeast for that matter? am i the only on having trouble connecting to xbox live? general arena seats in mullins worth it? promoting an idea for a medieval pub in amherst promoting an idea for a medieval pub in amherst umass redditor meetup: freshman or otherwise. umass redditor meetup: freshman or otherwise. umass redditor meetup: freshman or otherwise. i made a umass android app i made a umass android app class schedule  umass fridge size biology major your tax and tuition money at work (2009 payroll) umass amherst changed healthcare plans... if you used the student plan a... air force rotc questions what's the cheapest/fastest way to get to albany? dining commons question on bike theft at amherst do we have to read the common read? need a job? umts is always hiring students decent 1 credit courses at umass? this is wicked awesome (x-posted from funny, pics) this is wicked awesome (x-posted from funny, pics) this is wicked awesome (x-posted from funny, pics) i know as college kids we don't have a ton to donate, but i wanted to po... question about parking is a macbook a bad idea for a computer science major? how's southwest? looking for a roommate minifridge/microwave? life pro tips umass edition life pro tips umass edition somewhere close to campus where i can continue my martial arts training?... has anyone taken the basic scuba class? 22 year old army vet, looking to go to umass amherst stolen: silver trek 1000 road bike.  pm me if you see one around the va... stolen: silver trek 1000 road bike.  pm me if you see one around the va... best/easiest job for a freshman? thatcher language program what are the z styled dorm rooms like? should i be happy i was put in one? incoming freshman. recommend any clubs/groups? any other screenwriters? transfer after one semester? for multi-variable calc., it says i need a ti-86. is a ti-89 still good ... umass alumns are everywhere... umass alumns are everywhere... umass alumns are everywhere... drove through 8 states in the last two days to visit campus. i have only... umass hockey has a new head coach umass hockey has a new head coach when is excess financial aid refund distributed? does anyone know of an easy gen ed to take? preferably a physical science? a bit early, but what are my chances at umass? has anyone read this year's common read? just trying to raise awareness of the umasswiki just trying to raise awareness of the umasswiki umass amherst physicists' work is critical to higgs boson search umass amherst physicists' work is critical to higgs boson search umass amherst physicists' work is critical to higgs boson search cs security and privacy track? looking for a roommate hopeful future amherst-campus transfer student here, taking some classes... does anybody who's living on campus want to measure your dorm furniture ... kumble subbaswamy officially takes over as umass amherst chancellor incoming mie major, what kind of laptop should i look into for the next ... 3pm today student union lets stir things up lets stir things up questions from an incoming freshman going into civil engineering.  so this happened to me so this happened to me so this happened to me so this happened to me so this happened to me how hard is electrical engineering for someone who doesn't know much abo... subscribe to r/5colleges to create a bigger and better reddit community ... is the ycmp meal plan worth it? hackers have a little fun with the umass site  hackers have a little fun with the umass site  hackers have a little fun with the umass site  hackers have a little fun with the umass site  hackers have a little fun with the umass site  umass helps with your e.d. hasbrouck bus stop (built 1911) demolished without authorization during... hasbrouck bus stop (built 1911) demolished without authorization during... hasbrouck bus stop (built 1911) demolished without authorization during... 2011-2012 umass bball season highlight video is it easy to switch roommates? looking for an apartment for the fall.  is there a league of legends community at umass economy triple: great idea or terrible idea? a good place for a men's haircut around amherst? how would you get a bed? going to new students orientation june 4-5.  tips to make the most of th... housing opportunity (apartment) incoming freshman here, should i major in poli sci, or social thought an... has any student who worked on campus received their last check in the mail? du bois falcons [live] du bois falcons [live] du bois falcons [live] hadley bicyclist hit by car in northampton identified as harry delmolino... transfer student: negotiating financial aid comp sci majors - what are your job prospects? kiddies, can we have another meetup at the beginning of next semester?  kiddies, can we have another meetup at the beginning of next semester?  global meetup day tubing anyone? (june 23rd) question about expanded housing? incoming freshman, orchard hill or central? holy shit, i just graduated. holy shit, i just graduated. holy shit, i just graduated. sports history class? another "this is what our tuition pays for" picture (stolen from fb) another "this is what our tuition pays for" picture (stolen from fb) another "this is what our tuition pays for" picture (stolen from fb) another "this is what our tuition pays for" picture (stolen from fb) another "this is what our tuition pays for" picture (stolen from fb) tax transcripts help... new to off campus living.  wondering what the best value is for groceries. umass engineering style change from 1950s to 1990s. found in r/malefash... umass engineering style change from 1950s to 1990s. found in r/malefash... umass engineering style change from 1950s to 1990s. found in r/malefash... changes to the subreddit i got a bird's eye view (in other words, umass - aerial photos) i got a bird's eye view (in other words, umass - aerial photos) i got a bird's eye view (in other words, umass - aerial photos) i got a bird's eye view (in other words, umass - aerial photos) i got a bird's eye view (in other words, umass - aerial photos) i got a bird's eye view (in other words, umass - aerial photos) i got a bird's eye view (in other words, umass - aerial photos) how big is cocaine use at umass? i'm considering the bdic program. does anyone have any experience with i... i'm an incoming freshman and have some questions about fraternities.  a dedication to the class of 2012. pretty well done by giddens a dedication to the class of 2012. pretty well done by giddens peregrine falcons on the library just hatched a new chick! emergency test emergency test emergency test emergency test emergency test emergency test emergency test emergency test it's been a damn great 4 years. it's been a damn great 4 years. looking for a place to stay this summer near umass? incoming freshman here: should i join a rap? need help! choosing between umass and rit. dynamics a cappella concert on tuesday night! hey everyone, i'll be joining umass in the fall as a freshman and i have... extravaganja is this saturday! extravaganja is this saturday! extravaganja is this saturday! maybe someone will know the answer currently enrolled at gcc, wanting to transfer to umass asap any biochemistry majors at umass? changing the umass subreddit theme changing the umass subreddit theme internet providers at the north amherst area? i am going to be a freshman next fall. what tips or info can you guys te... batman... batman... 15-year-old leukemia patient's wish: someone from umass cs department to... a letter from a landlord in amherst discussing umass's plan to crack dow... competitive fighting game community? fun stuff to do in the area? to whoever drew spengbab on the tunnel in southwest to whoever drew spengbab on the tunnel in southwest to whoever drew spengbab on the tunnel in southwest to whoever drew spengbab on the tunnel in southwest to whoever drew spengbab on the tunnel in southwest so about that dash-n-dine 5k... so about that dash-n-dine 5k... any tool fans see this by the campus center? any tool fans see this by the campus center? any tool fans see this by the campus center? any tool fans see this by the campus center? 6th annual umass motorsports car show next saturday, april 21st!  benefi... psa: if you think your ta is hot, please be forward and direct! psa: if you think your ta is hot, please be forward and direct! psa: if you think your ta is hot, please be forward and direct! my housing appointment is friday morning. my housing appointment is friday morning. my housing appointment is friday morning. 77th annual livestock classic on april 14th! is sylvan really as bad as everyone says it is? recommended halls in central? hey guys, have you eaten at the dining commons this semester?  comedy jam 2012 is only a week away!!! april 13 and 14, free comedy from... why are some dorms not listed on spire? can you have a car freshman year? because i don't make flashcards found this in the isb. found this in the isb. found this in the isb. found this in the isb. found this in the isb. super-seniors, do you think the 5th year was worth it? anywhere i can cash checks on campus? check out today's xkcd *location based so some might not see the umass ... check out today's xkcd *location based so some might not see the umass ... dive! the film, at isb tomorrow night the crc gets clever. the crc gets clever. the crc gets clever. the crc gets clever. the crc gets clever. path of the designer i want to throw a big paper airplane i need help finding some courses for next semester i'm an incoming freshman, and have a few questions about the school. for any umass sports fans looking for a message board fuck yeah, umass! gecko-inspired reusable super tape from our very own ... fuck yeah, umass! gecko-inspired reusable super tape from our very own ... fuck yeah, umass! gecko-inspired reusable super tape from our very own ... missed connections @ umass? i suck at advertising on campus, but this is my online head shop. free ... i suck at advertising on campus, but this is my online head shop. free ... i need suggestions for bars to go to. exchange student housing best wifi hotspot on campus? i regret that decision...  i regret that decision...  what a strange error message... snow fort my buddy and i decided to build in the courtyard outside north b snow fort my buddy and i decided to build in the courtyard outside north b snow fort my buddy and i decided to build in the courtyard outside north b  free four year strong show. march 14th!  hope central will be excited to wake up to this tomorrow! hope central will be excited to wake up to this tomorrow! hope central will be excited to wake up to this tomorrow! students react to cross-walking safety nooooooooooooo nooooooooooooo nooooooooooooo nooooooooooooo nooooooooooooo any umass redditors like to play soccer?  umass journalism class got their work on the front page of the boston g... umass journalism class got their work on the front page of the boston g... anyone else wonder why umass pd doesn't have to pick up all the horsesh... anyone else wonder why umass pd doesn't have to pick up all the horsesh... view from the 23rd view from the 23rd view from the 23rd view from the 23rd view from the 23rd view from the 23rd captain hindsight captain hindsight captain hindsight umass skateboarding.  hey there. any lovely people looking for an apartment next semester? is it possible to get into the curry hicks cage to dick around with the ... oh no... oh no... oh no... oh no... math tutor? winterfest; awesome off-campus event tomorrow gotta love bluewall  gotta love bluewall  gotta love bluewall  good computer store in the area? looking for north apartment roommate! oit guys, did they throttle internet speeds over winter break? oit guys, did they throttle internet speeds over winter break? umass basketball on sportscenter: #3 top play of the day umass basketball on sportscenter: #3 top play of the day going bananas in mahar umass alum(s) start reddit based pac (patting myself on the back a bit ... umass alum(s) start reddit based pac (patting myself on the back a bit ... doing a photojournalism project on anarchists apartments superbowl riots. superbowl riots. how do the redditors of umass about the student who wrote an open lette... how do the redditors of umass about the student who wrote an open lette... umass motorsport car show is going to be april 21st this year, everyone ... what's your favorite bookstore in the area? smoking violation? anyone know anything about the new rape trail? anyone know anything about the new rape trail? umass! umass! are the north apartments worth it? "remember that i love you" "remember that i love you" do you think i can get in amherst? book trading thread? is there a way to evaluate teachers mid-semester? for those of you interested in politics, two umass grads started a redd... for those of you interested in politics, two umass grads started a redd... need a math tutor? lazy college senior here lookin for one last class to take. any suggesti... is  sylvan generally shitty or is it just brown? i thought it was in machmer... i thought it was in machmer... i thought it was in machmer... i thought it was in machmer... business majors/isenberg students: need some advice new semester! what new things do you notice on campus? new semester! what new things do you notice on campus? what were your grades like when you applied? beautiful shot of the campus pond at 3:04 beautiful shot of the campus pond at 3:04 does anyone know anything about the tunnels under umass? does anyone know anything about the tunnels under umass? does anyone know anything about the tunnels under umass? my history 331 professor assigned the watchmen as req reading my history 331 professor assigned the watchmen as req reading the board of trustees went into a meeting about whether they were payin... the board of trustees went into a meeting about whether they were payin... make the mullins center win the poll for best arena in the hockey east! make the mullins center win the poll for best arena in the hockey east! what do you wish you had known as an incoming freshman? where can you get an abortion near umass? where can you get an abortion near umass? new semester meetup? new semester meetup? scrunch time: the peculiar physics of crumpled paper (x-post from r/scie... comp sci vs. computer systems engineering? which meal plan to choose (ycmp platinum is a total rip off) which meal plan to choose (ycmp platinum is a total rip off) honors college - when is it worth it? also, a few questions about being ... how to see your grades right now how to see your grades right now iama recent graduate who attended umass from 2002-2004 and again from 20... where are umass redditors going for the winter break? free ice skating at mullins center for students.  does anyone know any o... does anyone know whats open today on campus? since the xbox live update, does it work with secure1x? scumbag textbook annex scumbag textbook annex scumbag textbook annex passed out in du bois passed out in du bois passed out in du bois passed out in du bois passed out in du bois are professors allowed to keep giving you new lectures and assignments t... prospective comp sci major in need of advice. best place to sell textbooks?  need some help is there any university policy against taking a final in a class you're ... german? anybody ever switch rooms for the spring semester?  the housing website ... best places to study? looking for an extra charger.  the best part about living off campus the best part about living off campus 2nd ugliest campus in the country? 2nd ugliest campus in the country? my first attempt at a panoramic photo my first attempt at a panoramic photo my first attempt at a panoramic photo my first attempt at a panoramic photo my first attempt at a panoramic photo someone told me that they were changing housing priorities, but i haven'... dear cute girl on reddit on her netbook in worcester, dear cute girl on reddit on her netbook in worcester, does anyone need a roommate for the spring / know someone who does? the risks of cutting uhs funding the risks of cutting uhs funding please sign! petition to save student jobs on campus. please sign! petition to save student jobs on campus. umass novembeard shave-off (x-post from pics) the school is discussing removing ard's from dorms, not paying ra's and... the school is discussing removing ard's from dorms, not paying ra's and... the school is discussing removing ard's from dorms, not paying ra's and... save housing staff- protest today at 3:30 outside herter hall name the best professor you've ever had at umass name the best professor you've ever had at umass name the best professor you've ever had at umass anyone staying on campus for the thanksgiving holiday? anyone in cs121 want to get together on the extra credit assignment?  such a pain the ass... such a pain the ass... any cool classes for spring 2012? scumbag cluster office scumbag cluster office scumbag cluster office scumbag cluster office scumbag cluster office scumbag cluster office scumbag cluster office guys, the computer science building is haunted... guys, the computer science building is haunted... guys, the computer science building is haunted... guys, the computer science building is haunted... i know i've posted this before, but i always hear the need for a site li... how easy is it to add and drop a major? oit has a facebook need to cash a check. anyone know of an easy history course? signing up for math 132 after a semester of 127 [rage] signing up for math 132 after a semester of 127 [rage] does anyone know if there's a krav maga club on campus? update to redditor meetup taking organic chemistry at umass taking organic chemistry at umass umass redditor meetup - saturday november 12th umass redditor meetup - saturday november 12th hey guys, have you eaten at the dining commons this semester? hey guys, have you eaten at the dining commons this semester? online classes guitarist here looking for other musicians. new umass sustainability group
sumac needs members i need a job. what are your suggestions?  how i felt this morning how i felt this morning how i felt this morning is there any way to ensure consistent xbox live connectivity?  second umass redditor meetup - dates and times? second umass redditor meetup - dates and times? second umass redditor meetup - dates and times? cool places to drive to/visit on a date did you guys hear how the admin might stop classes all week because of ... did you guys hear how the admin might stop classes all week because of ... what do you all think? what do you all think? til we have our own blogs. (login=spire username/password) this is what i did last night... this is what i did last night... halloween snow day!!! halloween snow day!!! halloween snow day!!! halloween snow day!!! i need a job! anyone know of a place in the area that is hiring? friend just opened a new kung fu school in hadley, ma.  check him out! can anyone help a fellow minuteman out? what's the cheapest liquor store around campus? last minute if anyone wants to get rid of umass unh tickets for sat anyone care to help me with a photo project? does anybody know what this symbol means and why it's everywhere on campus? umass paranormal society? not sure what this guys problem is, just want people to be aware of this... best places for food near umass? any cool places to explore on campus? any cool places to explore on campus? i've noticed that many college campuses have a ghost or two. does anyone... any basketball players in central/ohill wanna play sometime? reddit hats? umoc - outdoor group. skyrim has come to umass! who is still at umass this weekend? why did we ditch ethernet? why did we ditch ethernet? why did we ditch ethernet? rest in peace, bobby clifford. rest in peace, bobby clifford. who rides bikes!? umass ents? umass ents? who brought brawl to school and wants a 
challenge? occupy umass ( occupy wall st.) occupy umass ( occupy wall st.) october 1st reddit-umass meetup was a success! october 1st reddit-umass meetup was a success! go to orchard hill at 1pm any redditors living in van meter with me? trying to form an occupy umass group in support of occupy wall street...