 room for rent! moving to grand forks from utah in may for ot school with my wife and 3 ... anybody here ride motorcycles? team reddit takes 1st at trivia for first und reddit meetup team reddit takes 1st at trivia for first und reddit meetup fuck you, und parking fuck you, und parking fuck you, und parking fuck you, und parking reminder: first und reddit meetup tonight! i cant get a visitors pass und reddit meetup - time and date set! und reddit meetup und reddit meetup und reddit meetup und reddit meetup what is your typical weekend like at und? collin hanson and hayley hamilton announce run for student government why/how do you guys use the und subreddit? has is been beneficial? how d... pickup sports security of nickel trophy, symbol of ndsu-und rivalry, is top secret a free concert? really? und fans invade denver housing at und looking for apartment info near campus til und has a hockey team dae drink at und? hey guys, what's your favorite thing about und? student government provides funding for the return of green route bus president john f. kennedy delivers an address during the resources week ... dakota student editorial on "exceptional" status upd supervisor resigned over porn student senate passes bill to appropriate $2 million for creation of a s... und art student collective: "in the trenches with blaine batchelor." do not use bank of north dakota for loans if you can help it astrophysicist to introduce dark energy survey at public presentation @ und und football starts thursday. join us for discussion over at r/fcs can any und flight instructors speak about working conditions? hockey advice anyone like the sports at und? good winter clothing if you're having problems connecting to und resnet game servers... und announces first tuition decrease in over 2 decades. und announces first tuition decrease in over 2 decades. und accidentally "carbon copied" the entire parents listserve in a spri... und accidentally "carbon copied" the entire parents listserve in a spri... here is a little survey that a friend of mine is doing for one of his cl... und does a blizzard harlem shake. und does a blizzard harlem shake. uas program at und i got half of a point for writing "it's" on the bonus question. i got half of a point for writing "it's" on the bonus question. laughed my frozen ass off. laughed my frozen ass off. any one here play magic the gathering? everyone enjoying the weather? everyone enjoying the weather? a few more questions about und a few questions about the school looking for indoor tennis near or at und.  does anyone here play league of legends? halloween plans? maybe a meetup of sorts? i want your opinion on allowing certain types of posts. when will they learn finally, someone other than crazy preacher guy visited campus. finally, someone other than crazy preacher guy visited campus. finally, someone other than crazy preacher guy visited campus. zach wahls came to und this evening, his only request was that i don't ... zach wahls came to und this evening, his only request was that i don't ... kitty is excited for sioux season.  kitty is excited for sioux season.  meeting people. college reddit meetup day, y no und? college reddit meetup day, y no und? has anyone taken calculus 3? higher one to refund money.  audit: ndsu, und inappropriately spent student fees hey r/und, has there or will there ever be a r/und subreddit meetup?   if you were on campus this last spring, you probably heard about this sa... guest speaker monday 25th und football fcs champions according to ncaa    (x-post r/cfb) til a stripped f-15 called the "streak eagle" set several time-to-climb ... [xpost from r/aviation] und response to 787 on fltaware if anyone is looking for a nice, cheap sioux jersey... in und men's hockey news... nodak 1966 (x/post pics) went to dinner. would eat again! daaaaaa sioux daaaaaa sioux quick question... who else wants this snow storm to hit us hard? slowpoke has never been to und slowpoke has never been to und i've made the decision to go to und. when should i get started on my hou... whats freshman year like? about the nickname... we hit 100! i laughed way harder than i should have.  shooting ranges in town? me after my photo got over 100 likes on the und memes page... lost in und lost in und how's the weather in grand forks right now? this fits well for any college campus i think, but in case you haven't s... president kelley says und to resume use of fighting sioux nickname und subreddit: now with editable flair! good guy stokke und memes facebook page super bowl plans anyone? what the hell is this nonsense? "do you reddit?" saw this in the streibel penguin lab...  tom? can you design a r/und banner? i know you're in here somewhere.  i monitor and control the heating and cooling in most of the buildings o... ah, the youtube community at it's finest.  i'm a crazy tall pilot person who knows the r/und mod. ama und makes huffington post's top 15 most popular colleges list hello anyone home? welcome to the university of north dakota subreddit welcome to the university of north dakota subreddit chris kuper's ankle. yeah, but how often is dude getting his skates sharpened?! (skip to abou... i'm thinking of starting a und "bike share" project, just for redditors... we grew by 9 subscribers during the reddit college challenge. go us! i'd say that this is pretty spot-on. i'd say that this is pretty spot-on. meta-reddit: und edition fighting sioux fan among libyan rebels? n.d. house votes to keep fighting sioux nickname, logo men's hockey: sioux complete sweep, 5-2 | grand forks herald | grand for... men's hockey: sioux win kendall hockey classic anyone selling a bike for cheap? parties tonight? red jumpsuit apparatus at big d's. place to put bicycles kevin hart on und and north dakota sioux players abundant in nhl playoffs so... ahhhh... hows life?  aaaaaaalllmost here. xbox live: nba 2k12 und memes page reaches by geographical location what's going on tonight dae anyone else strongly dislike the parking nazis?  what are some of the best classes available on campus? look what i found! the single greatest youtube video in und history asian dad nails it... found this gem on underground. i must be getting old... foreign-born man scams state of north dakota for $800,000; still gets pa... just another night at the wellness center fitness floor...