 online courses? someone keeps getting parking citations with my expired permit... late night film cast: episode two. lnfs has started a podcast to let you... selling my aziz ansari ticket for $15 so i'll be joining uk in the fall semester as a freshman. what do i need... top 10 reasons uk will cancel class subleasing my apartment for summer c'mon, uk.... please? :] c'mon, uk.... please? :] question about the new buildings. housing for an incoming freshman? cost of uk? finished a painting a wall for my dad. finished a painting a wall for my dad. i'm gay and really nervous about the college roommate situation next yea... boxing sparring partner? stupid early classes stupid early classes stupid early classes just bought a ticket for the christmas carol and put it on will call. do... cpa exam: misery loves company anyone looking for somewhere to live in the spring? springbreak backpacking trip prospective student. what are my housing options? question for current students concerning financial aid? uk football live stream car chase ends in crash near uk campus kentucky university print antique engraving vintage 1870 uk student shot on elizabeth street, transported to uk hospital [game thread] (21)florida @ kentucky (7:00pm edt): (x-post from r/cfb) tailgating in kentucky (x-post: lexington) rock n' roll cookout cancer benefit sat. sept. 14. f... i just moved into the newtown crossing apartments off campus, and i foun... man accused of beating 2 university of kentucky employees with fire exti... we're hosting a free flag tag event as part of a research project on the... uk to pour additional $3 million into football program - why we'll final... top 10: things uk students think are normal but are just the opposite alex poythress wants a national title lexington exploring university of kentucky to raise tuition 3 percent; smallest increase sin... hi, uk! i'm going to be visiting campus this weekend, and i was wonderin... uk parking citation questions drunk door should have listened. drunk door should have listened. crosspost from /r/lexington, win uk tickets from fanbouts' dream seats c... lets get kentucky on the ncaa football cover!! reddit secret santa tips for a uk fan and undergrad? context? follow up? too soon? (x-post/r/lexington) [event] december 1 - "doomsday december" midnight s... first in a series of stories by uk journalism students - salute to veter... click here to see some don jacobs commercials made by uk advertising stu... (xpost-r/lexington) north lime coffee &amp; donuts presents: derek spenc... xpost-r/lexington: north lime coffee &amp; donuts presents josh nolan  capilouto insists to the faculty senate that buildings are more importan... transy dean lives in a dorm room on campus. would you want to live on th... kentucky gangnam style kentucky gangnam style new email system gives students the chance to drop a dime on campus smok... are you a cs or engineering student who needs help with coding? free pro... college reddit meetup i don't even know where to start critiquing this. what are you doing? get back in the student center! what are you doing? get back in the student center! all right, i see you uk. (x-post from videos) day 1 reflections any other students want to buy fucking awesome beer pong table?? anyone know how to switch advisors? anyone looking for a roommate? (x-post from lexington) wanted: campus participants for a home-made, hom... does uk even care about it's students? grad school questions?  my cake day pic, me and my roommate enjoying the national championship ... my cake day pic, me and my roommate enjoying the national championship ... anthony davis sprains ankle, awaits evaluation t-minus 2 months offensive billboard proposed by card's fans.  longtime mlk cultural center director laid off has anyone here lived at campus courts? maybe they should start with these employees?  massive layoffs at uk calipari working to keep uk 'ahead of the curve' with some creative sche... 200 turn out at the arboretum to see venus' transit of the sun q-and-a with uk president-elect stephen bilas wildcuts barbershop central location to follow prospective uk basketball recruits  opening day of the farmers marcat three future cats projected to be top freshmen in sec bat cats enter final weekend as number 1 seed. will lexington free the food trucks? lack of planning responsible for apartmentification of neighborhoods aro... new mod my anthony davis shirt kentucky kernel student reporter is forbidden from interviews with baske... any uk ents?  anyone going to the fest of ales this friday? i can't help but be a little disappointed... classes starting back soon, you ready? good luck on your first round of tests. definitely saw a redditor in my his 105 class.  any other uk grads? $10 bourbon night at buster's cpa exam blog: still fightin' the good fight what's the bar scene like at uk? the black sheep is looking for writers! tough mudder kentucky is john wall on the brink of becoming an elite point guard? contest to win a cool university of kentucky "pursuit of gr8ness print" let's all take a class together! x-post lexington- north lime coffee &amp; donuts presents: brandon s. bo... xpost-lexington/ north lime coffee &amp; donuts presents geordan brewer ... nicholasville native jarrod polson - best walk on cal has ever coached -... xpost/lexington- north lime coffee and donuts singer/songwriter night freshmen cody quinn impresses coaches with grace under fire in first car... voting now open on fall concert performer. housing question: south campus vs. central campus? hey peeps i hate everything to do with this!!!!!  how i feel living in kentucky