 should i consider uh? some arial video of the uh manoa campus that may interest people who hav... ka leo introduces its new hawaiian column. check out its first story. heads up: 2014 spring career fair will take place at campus center ballr... looking to rent an apartment over the summer!!! undie run 2014, a photo essay captures the essence of living young and ... undie run 2014, a photo essay captures the essence of living young and ... anyone done an mba at manoa shidler? best liquor store voted by the people of uhm biological engineering program poli sci at uh "what is love?" q&amp;a panel. speech communication society at uhm. 17% graduation rate within 4 years? help buying an athletic shirt. is visiting before deciding to enroll beneficial? selling loose-leaf "college physics 9th edition" plus unopened mastering... anyone challenged their final grade and got it approved? i have a severe lost of interest of caring about doing good in classes just got accepted in manoa. brand new macs for hamilton library. info in the comments. any locations around uhm that have decent priced parking passes/rates? computer engineering any good? smoke (possible fire) reported at shidler cool/easy classes to take spring 2014 ktuh music sale wednesday vinyl and cds for cheap! quick question for the ba/bs in zoology attending uhm in the spring. any advice or tips about how to ease in thi... graduation reference check going to be studying at manoa for a month. what should i do, see, eat, d... any uhm dnders? rally held at uh manoa over mural controversy any inviting clubs at uhm? come join skate club/ wahine on wheels! soest open house, is you guys are interested in earth science things, or... uh manoa going tobacco-free jan. 1 uh manoa going tobacco-free jan. 1 so warriors, what's up with you? aka, blatant self promotion opportunity. looking to revive /r/uhhilo, i just retrieved and reskinned it, and am l... dobelle up to old tricks in massachusetts dropping a class with a w? wanting to attend uh for photovoltaic research. did you lose a book? did you lose a book? selling unopened chemistry book just got accepted to uh hilo, what do i need to know? what are the best wi classes? oh god, math 241 is already almost totally full haw 100 vs hwst 107 wcs barcraft event have enough interests around u of h? text book buy back nso i'll be officially attending uhm in the fall! question from a prospective student. aloha acm students! actor volunteering for roles in student films the search for a new president begins, who would you like to see take over? calculus at uhmanoa teaching certification at u of h manoa long shot, but does anybody have experience with school of ocean and ear... new grad student looking for place to live some friends and i are visiting honolulu next week and looking for cool ... hawaii pacific university vs chaminade university - which one to choose ... looking for the engineers in the house help us have some fun! f4r would you guys like a dunkin donuts on campus? would you guys like a dunkin donuts on campus? i didn't know this until recently, but did you know that ka leo magazine... when does the new fitness center open? might do nse and come to uh manoa next fall for a semester! uhm communicology students? anyone looking to rent out a room? (3brdm/2ba apartment) anyone ever try to download a torrent using uhm internet? a girl i worked with at ka leo has her own online magazine, inhonolulu x-post from r/bigisland - band coming from ca, looking for advice on liv... evacuate uh maona: due to gas leak what happened to all the food options on uh manoa campus? anyone have an iclicker 2 they want to sell? why is there no foot bridge over the ala wai at university avenue? seri... why is there no foot bridge over the ala wai at university avenue? seri... why is there no foot bridge over the ala wai at university avenue? seri... should i pay for my vaccinations even though i won't be attending next s... will someone please do this kid's homework? :&gt; uh west oahu has a garden. maybe you gardeners would like to help out, o... sarah wayne callies (lori grimes from the walking dead) will be at the k... hamilton power outage report. reddit toy donation drive (x-post from askreddit) placement exam for foreign languages and associated waivers. arrests made in steve wonder blunder. arrests made in steve wonder blunder. anyone took nrem203 or socs150? if so how was that class? did any of you go live in hawaii for a year to get in state tuition? online courses? is there a secular student alliance on campus?  if not would someone lik... jo koy is performing at the campus center ballroom this friday! (x-poste... professor reviews and tips for success tsunami night, hope everyone is safe go warriors! let's see your study guides! if you're going to class at kuykendall hall, i've left a present for yo... if you're going to class at kuykendall hall, i've left a present for yo... any botany masters students here? sweet burn in class. sweet burn in class. anyone going into nursing for spring 2013? he thinks our book sucks where can you post flyers on uh manoa campus? apologies to fapstatuslegit what happened to that thread about older students? as an older student with a couple degrees already, i frequently have two... it's been slow laulima needs an app. laulima needs an app. hamilton library and i'm hungry. [midterm study guide w/ answer] comg 364 richard dawkins is coming, anyone interested? uh is on my shortlist of potential grad school options. any advice?  gmo protest on dole and university? lamar vs uh uh moped/scooter/motorcycle riders need places to park, let's make this ... hilo meetup anyone? we're planning one over at /r/bigisland. if your flyer has grammatical errors and you post it in kuykendall, you... if your flyer has grammatical errors and you post it in kuykendall, you... possible transfer. wondering about how nice this school actually is. looking for a place to live alright, i know one of you wrote this. are there any music classes that teach with the program 'logic'?  uhwo -- a community college with upper-division classes.  looking for fellow musicians possible transfer student here. have a few questions.  is anyone else as excited as i am for this? i feel like we've all read t... reminder: college reddit meetup is tomorrow! reminder: college reddit meetup is tomorrow! wtf is a course reader and iclicker? [uhm] college reddit meetup day - hawaiian style! \000/ [uhm] college reddit meetup day - hawaiian style! \000/ took this while on the roof of my dorm. took this while on the roof of my dorm. you da kine ah? so im gonna be a freshman... [manoa] grades for summer session ii will available on myuh after 9pm on... anyone attending west oahu kapolei? meetup canceled warrior meetup [mod]  spam filter has been cleared!  sorry if your post was stuck in it! looking for some people to socialize with. any incoming freshman from los angeles wanna meet up? hey everyone, i'm from the bay area in ca and an incoming freshman. is a... island newcomers, weekend adventure squad is accepting applications for... island newcomers, weekend adventure squad is accepting applications for... psych graduate program at uhm? anyone involved with takahashi or blancha... are there any fellow uh manoa geocachers? where do you study? so donovan is suppose to participate on a talk about "ethics in college ... so i keep reading interesting things in the women's restroom... so i keep reading interesting things in the women's restroom... i know i've humped his leg once before, but 'ya gotta check out coffeel... i know i've humped his leg once before, but 'ya gotta check out coffeel... follow-up: people responsible for spending $200,000 on wonder fiasco on... follow-up: people responsible for spending $200,000 on wonder fiasco on... sometimes i wonder why i chose to attend uh. the administration is unbel... if you haven't been on campus in a while, check out the progress on the... if you haven't been on campus in a while, check out the progress on the... hey uofh - i'm conducting a short survey about learning management syste... rumor is $2,000.00 replacement to be split amongst 8th floor.  scumbag ... rumor is $2,000.00 replacement to be split amongst 8th floor.  scumbag ... deciding on a university what's the best thing about uh? birthday party on saturday! [uh manoa] can anyone tell me about their experience at uh? hey, i'm moving away.. selling some stuff. thought i'd post here too. saw these ladies by the college of education.  i've never seen ducks (ma... anyone down for beers at ba-le? uh hilo - party in paradise! saturday june 16th, 2012! hinshaw to receive sweet sabbatical package... another high-paid chancellor? grades are out! who's taking summer school ? wireless data rates on the manoa campus? uh manoa fun fact: recognize this? (right next to elevators at the parki... [uhm] spotted these little guys at busad! [uhm] spotted these little guys at busad! question about placements! hey uh manoa! walking dead fun fact! hey uh manoa! walking dead fun fact! hey uh manoa! walking dead fun fact! [xpost] how i feel when i enter my courses on myuh. [xpost] how i feel when i enter my courses on myuh. anybody seen this in the cc dining hall? lol i'm sure this page must get a lot of these.. any fun courses you guys prefer? the filth i really wish they would fix the sign.  the s is upside down and they'r... i really wish they would fix the sign.  the s is upside down and they'r... graduate school at uh any suggestions for a potiential bfa in graphic design student at uhm? does anyone ever cycle along waialae? have any feelings about the state ... recently accepted to manoa public health the most disobeyed sign on campus the most disobeyed sign on campus the most disobeyed sign on campus from new york, found out i got into hilo today. any tips? i hate laulima i hate laulima outside post around noon today. reflection of the windows onto the side... outside post around noon today. reflection of the windows onto the side... relay for life cpk fundraiser - march 14th at ala moana center calling all models! thinking about applying to hilo for agroecology, but i'm a transfer stud... looking to start up an airsoft game! possible drugging of student at ba-le on campus, crosspost from r/hawaii manoa's got talent - sexy and i know it spring break is a month away, what's everyone's plans? visiting for a week and need ideas of stuff to do alone okay...now which one of you did this? (kuykendall women's bathroom) okay...now which one of you did this? (kuykendall women's bathroom) new school thanks for a fun meetup at bal... ahem yogurt land! thanks for a fun meetup at bal... ahem yogurt land! thanks for a fun meetup at bal... ahem yogurt land! bomb threat at ka leo reminder: uh meetup this saturday the 18th 2pm at bale/monoa gardens at ... tales from uh - valentines edition fire at uh manoa fire at uh manoa hawaiian air is giving out free tickets to tonights volleyball game on c... was ka leo's sex positions article inappropriate?  recently i heard that the university of hawaii is looking for women eng... meetup at bale on uhm campus [sat feb 18 2pm]  not from around these parts uh subreddit redesign uhm redditors: make a relay for life team! uh meetup? uh meetup? why does reddit always go down when i have homework? momo burgers coming to uh! where is that smell in front of sinclair library coming from? fantastic parking in zone 20 this morning fantastic parking in zone 20 this morning menstrual fury.  a short shot on our very own campus!  :) [uhm] paradise palms has malasadas. that is all.  [uhm] tuesday, jan 17th is the last day to drop classes without a w grade! anyone have on-campus jobs? the most interesting man in the world a lot of lurkers have been spotted lately at the hamilton library new crepe place why? why? this is how i feel on the first day of my math classes. this is how i feel on the first day of my math classes. mtv casting call for those that are education majors or are interested in teaching, why n... what's your campus and major? any uofh grad school business students? 12 days of christmas fyi: grades will be available on myuh on dec 21. fyi: grades will be available on myuh on dec 21. it is almost upon us. it is almost upon us. what's up. looking for some nerdy folk willing to play a pen and paper game or some... wake up! transferable credits from cc? schedule of classes finalized for spring 2012 for uhm.  check your regis... expect a longer bus ride til the names of birds around campus til the names of birds around campus any neat/hidden spots on campus? hey anthropology redditors found chaminade university id - name initials: a.t. any league of legends players? pc gamerz overnighter on friday!  tentative schedule of classes for spring 2012 published does r/uh like cats? university of hawai'i acm night at hiff this friday! psa: bc burrito on campus takes debit/credit cards now hawaii international film festival at dole cannery occupy... hawaii? oahu? honolulu? sidebar kava/awa festival this saturday oct. 8th from 9am til 7 pm. get there ea... job offers for broke as redditors in college 
meetup 2.0 bale calling all english majors, comm majors and journalism majors and any ma... ama ideas? filth #2 krauss pond the filth - ka leo article highlights nasty spots on campus. the filth - ka leo article highlights nasty spots on campus. xpost from /r/hawaii, general big island questions anyone doing any im sports this semester? exam week is here. time to kick ass! adventure club @ pulse 09/30/11 9p-3a any hawaii math/cs majors interested in taking the free stanford machine... hawaii children's songs go here, stand in the circle, then face lower campus and speak aloud. y... go here, stand in the circle, then face lower campus and speak aloud. y... parking citations at the dorms reddit study group? reddit study group? ka leo story on reddit. let me know what you think. i wrote it :) ka leo story on reddit. let me know what you think. i wrote it :) ka leo story on reddit. let me know what you think. i wrote it :) thefightclubber's super italian mario party. anyone go to hilo? "freshman help" helped but this should be more beneficial. who is out of shape ? xpost from /r/hawaii-found a tf2 server in hawaii any ents here? freshman help? intramural flag football? uh redditors, please come visit my dorm room this friday.  uh meetup today yo, that email that uhm alert just sent .... yo, that email that uhm alert just sent .... any place on campus that serves fresh chicken cutlets or similar? hawaii reddit meetup uhm: don't forget that wed. aug 31st is the last day to get a full refun... first week of fall semester over, how was it?  uh redditors: when do you want a meet-up? oy! bale! pretty snazzy uhm commercial.  r/universityofhawaii meetup august 26th? good luck this year hawaii students. :] any uh ents here? any uh ents here? what's the easiest way to switch classes? so, who's ready for classes to start on monday! summer school grades have just been posted! (2nd session uhm) uh pro-tips uh pro-tips anyone selling a uhm parking pass?  uhm noobs: don't wait till school starts to get your ids (and u-pass). does anyone live in the dorms ? is anyone dorming during fall ? hey you at the bar! wild redditor sighted on campus! i am an incoming freshman at uhm, and... official r/universityofhawaii meetup august 12th hey warriors meetup bale the honolulu community college paper. ka leo - the school newspaper made a reddit logo for ya made a reddit logo for ya how do we get more people to join? uhm bookstore is finally offering in-store textbook rentals this semeste... welcome to the university of hawaii subreddit! wanted: used gre test prep books hale anuenue or hale laulima? how social is uh manoa? how do i turn of all these announce emails? are there any uh football players (alumi or current players) on reddit? so i found out what our president likes to spend her money on... ....whose office? graduating this semestre women sue petco kaneohe (hawaii) claiming groomers cut off their dogs' b... any misc brahs? happy pearl harbor day! how did i not know about this? how has no one submitted this yet?! u mad bro? just found this today.  hilarious! [fb] inbox being bombarded with alerts about this guy hey guys, please help me sell my 2003 bmw 325i! i'm leaving the island f... yo, looking for adventurous people at uh or near by. how do you get a uh grad off your porch? selling jpn 102/201 and immunology books