 til that fiji's house has an interesting label on google maps visiting unl on friday... what to see and what to avoid? when do people start looking for housing at university of nebraska? cornhuskers help me out reddit co-founder alexis ohanian will be visiting unl on october 23. al... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian will be visiting unl on october 23. al... til: there is a bike path from unl to wabash nebraska.  the mopac trail perls of knowledge perls of knowledge unl: what are your thoughts about the daily nebraskan? natural gas smell around memorial stadium - avoid the area good luck on finals week. good luck on finals week. what do you think of privatizing the health center? lost &amp; found ipad (help find owner please) sigma chi frat suspended indefinitely at unl after party sigma chi frat suspended indefinitely at unl after party dropbox is giving away free space to unl students! check it out lan party for charity on campus next month. any exercise science (or closely related) undergrads/grads out there? lo... come join unl dodgeball! help make this subreddit grow! help make this subreddit grow! welcome back everybody! remember to get all your free shit at the big r... welcome back everybody! remember to get all your free shit at the big r... meetup for /r/lincoln meetup for /r/lincoln anyone else going to zombiefest next weekend? what is the preferred lincoln bank? where are the best areas for a student to live? ama request: anyone who was around unl during the shooting of "tommy lee... sis+ hacked, student database with sensitive data 3d printer on campus? i need more credits to graduate, what are some fun/useful classes i shou... let's do this is this subreddit still alive? prospective student question xpost from /r/lincoln: graduate hs in 2013, unl any good at cse/ai?  xpost: unl/reddit meet-up  xpost: unl/reddit meet-up  downtown housing?? looking for a lincoln summer job! xpost.  is it just me or is that the combative arts room in the rec center? finance 361 anytime someone correctly references a meme on campus or a unl-related s... and you thought you were so clever.. unl memes is destroying internet culture on our campus [updated 2/8/12] my adventure map of lincoln (drawn on bed sheet) of eve... you know what really grinds my gears? pics of my adventure map (drawn on bed sheet) of everywhere i've been wh... thank you guys, from all of us... thank you guys, from all of us... thank-you, nebraska. thank-you, nebraska. room available lincoln, nebraska: home on the prairie lincoln, nebraska: home on the prairie so, what are y'all studyin? english 252 i'm just going to leave this here  patrick star watches husker football... patrick star watches husker football... big and red(husker football song remix) the b1g... hey guys, i'm developing the new myred portal interface - help me out. econ 215 me b1gusta... it's game week! me b1gusta... it's game week! move in time your favorite regulars on campus? season tickets howdy partners howdy partners preview of thursday's big craig morgan concert give2thetroops at unl with "gi" theta chi easy on (or off) campus jobs during the school year any afrotc cadets? yo dawg why do people think it's okay to do this? yes, it's hot out. no, you don... what i think of unl heard around unl on twitter in case you missed it - 7 year old brain cancer patient jack hoffman run...