 any rock climbers here? some questions for an incoming sophmore college basketball: coaching spotlight: craig neal - cbs sports video recommended dentists that accept unm insurance? unm sustainability! visiting unm the weekend and was wondering if there are any open-science... religious presence at unm? looking for a job... incoming freshmen housing help. thinking of attending unm thinking of attending unm lab tech looking for help! unm dota 2 players? take english 102 online or in-person? lobos men's soccer play notre dame today at 3 pm for a spot in the di na... going to be a lobo next year. need some pre-college advice. going to be a lobo next year. need some pre-college advice. bairstow scores 24 to lead unm to 63-54 win over cincinnati unm edges out rival nmsu 79-70 unm edges out rival nmsu 79-70 the most interesting bomb threat ever. one cop car, and yellow tape not... the most interesting bomb threat ever. one cop car, and yellow tape not... unm struggles during the first half, but defeat san diego 73-66 unm holds on to beat uab 97-94 in double ot unm holds on to beat uab 97-94 in double ot anyone know of any research tech jobs open or opening up? any magic tcg players on campus? will you guys help me with a school project by filling out this short su... anyone want to help a lobo out? cam bairstow scores career high 29 points to lead unm to victory over ch... my bike was just stolen, beware there is definitely a major bike thief a... anyone else need to pass the next test and the final in math 121 with fl... unm army rotc cadet mara martinez shared her inspiring story on the news... just had my bike stolen right by campus (yale/central)... know it's a l... just had my bike stolen right by campus (yale/central)... know it's a l... difference between physics 150 and 160??? lost ipod touch on campus healthcare related internships at unm/ unmh? if you could take this quick survey regarding caps at unm it would be mu... stem-up cnm to unm transfer advice has anyone else been having insane lobo wifi problems this semester? has anyone else been having insane lobo wifi problems this semester? free parking? running outer area of johnson field best campus communities? best campus communities? video games? you should check out cool springz. great place to have fun and work out.... room for rent by unm abqbitcoins - i'm always on campus! pre-orientation reading help trying to 'release' my dorm at casas del rio | i paid first months rent ... new mexico lobo's down under: coach neal and company begin their foreign... any easy 300+ level classes? engineering internships from unm? engineering internships from unm? breaking: dane kuiper to new mexico - lobos 1st 2015 commit! breaking: dane kuiper to new mexico - lobos 1st 2015 commit! has anyone been able to get unm lobomail to work with mozilla thunderbird? visiting at the end of august for football and chile... what else is new... casas del rio or lobo village residents: wtf is up with the $20 "conveni... how liberal is unm? how liberal is unm? brian urlacher retires after 13 years in the nfl steve alford to pay back unm $625,000 steve alford to pay back unm $625,000 wondering whether you'll like a professor? this site rates them! wondering whether you'll like a professor? this site rates them! i graduate in the fall and am at anderson. has anyone taken majadillas f... how is the internet access in the dorms at unm? lobo village questions can anyone here comment on the gay community at unm/albuquerque? can anyone here comment on the gay community at unm/albuquerque? i'm scared to attend unm in the fall. i'm afraid i won't find my place.... i'm scared to attend unm in the fall. i'm afraid i won't find my place.... dae have trouble with webct in chrome? coach noodles is hired to replace alford. ucla bruins hire new mexico lobos coach steve alford ucla bruins hire new mexico lobos coach steve alford lobo village cep orientation  is la posada really that bad? lets go lobos! how do you like the new look of /r/unm? how do you like the new look of /r/unm? how do you like the new look of /r/unm? r/unm logos secular student alliance at unm secular student alliance at unm asunm has voted to remove chik-fil-a from campus, ignoring that majority... freshman 2013 advice? freshman 2013 advice? school of architecture thinking of starting as a freshman in the summer. how's the culinary art... unm needs to fix loboalerts unm needs to fix loboalerts wtf unm? albuquerque meet-up (x-post) accepted from ny accepted from ny best place to live? undergraduate scholarships dae get an email about p2p sharing on unm network? dae get an email about p2p sharing on unm network? desperately need a meet-up for unm desperately need a meet-up for unm (x post from /r/albuquerque) c# and c++ usage at unm/nm windows 8 demo people. anyone know where they got their jobs? any physics or ece graduate students here? the unm men's soccer team, #5 in the nation this week, just beat fairfi... the unm men's soccer team, #5 in the nation this week, just beat fairfi... music groups computer science at unm tell me all of the positives about being a lobo? so i'm going to new mexico older guy thinking of going to unm and have questions. kick in the face to cs dept.  there is a reddit meet-up tomorrow [april 6, 2012] there is an albuquerque meet-up [x-post] found between ortega and the sub... beat wars 4 at el rey theater what has been your favorite class/professor during your time at unm? meet-up? lost a wallet humans vs. zombies.  if you're a student, sign up! with as many lawsuits as wins in 2 years: good riddance locksley! i will be attending unm in the fall... anyone own a nerf gun? r/unm should be a place for... going to be a freshman next year living in the dorms, what are the halls... will be a freshmen next year. looking for a place near campus. if anyone... albuquerque comic expo coming in june! iae going to be a freshman at unm next year? we made front page of onion today meet-up 2.0 first post! need a place to stay. unm prof to obese phd applicants: thanks, but no fatties allowed (xpost ... tired of political agendas in classes any redditors on here want to help someone out simply by being a friend? is this school legitimate? how many of you saw this and what do you think? moderators? looking for unm news? candlelight vigil for trayvon martin and victims of hate violence: monda... keep up the good work during university week