 some pretty chill music made my unr students some pretty chill music made my unr students anonymous unr professor has sex with student (x-post from /r/reno) more than 60 percent of unr instructors are now part time - a trend that... nevada bound free time i'm here right now checking out the school! advice on dropping a class and maintaining scholarship? bitcoin mining banner in knowledge center? broke college students: i just found a great site for getting pdf's of ... broke college students: i just found a great site for getting pdf's of ... proposed fee increases looking for netrunner games trying to not buy into the textbook scam? lets trade, buy, sell books. h... need a place to heat up my food on campus? the university of nevada, reno residential life, housing, and food servi... this does not bode well for our "fitness" level. this does not bode well for our "fitness" level. just an average wolf pack student athlete. just an average wolf pack student athlete. when can we park anywhere on campus? deonte burton can fly. suck it unlv. what do you guys think of my cod emblem? what do you guys think of my cod emblem? what do you guys think of my cod emblem? getchell library demolition time-lapse getchell library demolition time-lapse in case you missed it, getchell library was demolished last week in case you missed it, getchell library was demolished last week sign up for the unr emergency alerts. after the scare at renown make sur... what is substitute teacher pay after taxes? happy finals season! here's the knowledge center's hours from now until ... have you seen our friend? "stretch" math 120 nov 23 - unr hearthstone / lol / sc2 tournament! $3,000+ in prizes unr b.s. economics program? capstone courses? looking to talk to current unr grad student online classes an unr selling a like week old ti-89 vote! for the $46.3 million dollar e.l. wiegand fitness center and field... top 10 halloween college parties the revival of starcraft 2 university of nevada, reno - lan lol tournament! university of nevada, reno - lan lol tournament! good places for lunch? the savior of the student section the savior of the student section how early should i show up to mackay on game day? if you were being totally objective, which would say is a better school,... fan of league of legends/sc2? check out these upcoming events at unr! fan of league of legends/sc2? check out these upcoming events at unr! when visiting overnight where do i park my car? know where to watch the unr vs ucla game online? nevada to welcome female mascot to the wolf pack nevada to welcome female mascot to the wolf pack found in men's restroom 3rd floor, leifson physics orientation orientation tour de nez. i really wish i was in town for this. anyone get a chance ... tour de nez. i really wish i was in town for this. anyone get a chance ... unr dorms unr dorms unr dorms unr dorms unr dorms unr dorms chalk on the block! | nevada's first annual chalk art festival and comp... chalk on the block! | nevada's first annual chalk art festival and comp... rip carl young - wolfpack alumni, storm chaser, and meteorologist worki... rip carl young - wolfpack alumni, storm chaser, and meteorologist worki... dear unr... dear unr... an an alumnus, this makes me happy. an an alumnus, this makes me happy. an an alumnus, this makes me happy. an an alumnus, this makes me happy. what's with the influx of reddit namedropping on campus? what's with the influx of reddit namedropping on campus? asun is trying to cut funding to student publications like wolf pack rad... sc2 &amp; lol tournament this weekend at the knowledge center! ($800+ in... til that the inventor of the laugh track is a unr grad til that the inventor of the laugh track is a unr grad til that the inventor of the laugh track is a unr grad unr mba program football is back in reno, this saturday silver vs blue, come get a peak ... unr women's ultimate is hosting an all comers frisbee tournament (xpost... unr women's ultimate is hosting an all comers frisbee tournament (xpost... free pizza! tomorrow from 12-1pm in the knowledge center rotunda. member of /r/collegebasketball made desktops for all 132 teams, here is ... any unr boxing members? because all 393 of us never post anything, hey unr boxing tonight @ eld... because all 393 of us never post anything, hey unr boxing tonight @ eld... myself and the rest of wolfpack radio are throwing a glow in the dark ed... hell on wheels: college campuses and longboarders lets go niners!!!!!!!!!! lets go niners!!!!!!!!!! lets go niners!!!!!!!!!! incoming freshman questions don't upvote! incoming freshman questions don't upvote! mackay students!  join us over at /r/mining to show support for the mini... kaepernicking: everyone looks like they're sneezing! unr dorms michio kaku, renowned physicist and tv science show host, comes to campus campus map help i work at the bookstore, feel free to ask any questions you have about b... video: nevada football coach brian polian talks about ault, family my reaction to two individuals in psc 401 chris ault to retire after 28 years as unr football coach is there any nevada band members here? uss nevada uss nevada help with mgt 321 homework: take a short survey for me, please are we allowed to decorate our caps for graduation? ieee ping pong tournament *free pizza* ieee ping pong tournament *free pizza* getting into a full class my friend's helmet in afghanistan. take that boise.  econ 101 class &amp; professor well if you haven't been to a wolf pack basketball game this season, yo... well if you haven't been to a wolf pack basketball game this season, yo... who wants to start a ska band?! any recommendations for a capstone course? my friend reppin' the wolf pack in afghanistan. :) my friend reppin' the wolf pack in afghanistan. :) my friend reppin' the wolf pack in afghanistan. :) my friend reppin' the wolf pack in afghanistan. :) the school of journalism is providing free &amp; sharable election cover... from one wolfpack to another. from one wolfpack to another. is it permissible for a restricted enrollment academic department at unr... go pack beat the rebels today! go pack beat the rebels today! michelle obama to give speech tomorrow morning at 8:15am on unr campus. as requested: dedicated unr minecraft server as requested: dedicated unr minecraft server ugc is hosting a free starcraft ii tournament! ugc is hosting a free starcraft ii tournament! where the good shitters at?! where the good shitters at?! silver parking permits? information on how to get your student ticket for the game on saturday information on how to get your student ticket for the game on saturday insight magazine coming back this year, what would you like to see? anyone play minecraft? any students looking for a roommate? i have a room w/ adjoining bathroom... r/unr's cake day r/unr's cake day university of nevada fitocracy group here comes the pack. here comes the pack. pledge your colors and help the pack come out on top! one more week of summer school left!!! delamare science and engineering library first in nation to offer 3d pr... delamare science and engineering library first in nation to offer 3d pr... bill nye the science guy is coming to unr september 6! bill nye the science guy is coming to unr september 6! bill nye the science guy is coming to unr september 6! bill nye the science guy is coming to unr september 6! anyone else getting excited for fall? anyone else getting excited for fall? hey r/unr, i'm transferring to unr from tmcc and have a question maybe y... didnt know this existed.. yeeew! like rock and roll? some unr students rocking out @ the underground last... proud level 10, creepy level 99 have any of you taken the gmat? anyone know any good volunteer opportunities  question about textbook buyback! research at u of n is ground breaking! research at u of n is ground breaking! did anyone by chance go to wolfstock?  what did you think of it? university of nevada  butchers a meme university of nevada  butchers a meme university of nevada  butchers a meme university of nevada  butchers a meme the unr csl team is recruiting!!! red bull air drop? want to sit in the sun on saturday and watch college football for free? ... me at the unr v unlv football game at las vegas 2010 me at the unr v unlv football game at las vegas 2010 me at the unr v unlv football game at las vegas 2010 i, robot: the integration of man and machine. upcoming guest lecturer on... my personal feeling is that less social fraternities is a good thing. anyone going to the nit game this sunday? senior night redux.  how numerous are on the on campus jobs? missing cat, please help!  missing cat, please help!  great game last night unr! now let's go out saturday and support our sen... less than an hour left to get an alumni association membership at a disc... registering voters in front of the joe from 12-2 today and tomorrow 2/28... study places at unr? diversity requirement - suggestions? check out unr's first wolf pack week of the semester. brought to you be ... what is unr's policy on posting flyers on the bulletin boards? how to change your resident hall request? should i go here? anyone know where i can get a ti-89 link cable to connect a calculator t... rbp to host free bike repair from 11-2 tomorrow in front of jcsu thanks ... curious, anybody majoring in journalism or was? no date on valentine's day? come to speed dating! nevada fair share alliance some guys in lincoln hall re-created the last supper some guys in lincoln hall re-created the last supper some guys in lincoln hall re-created the last supper hi unr.  i hear you have good taste.  come enjoy some super saucy tunes ... insane class scheduling insane class scheduling i'm tired of every admissions officer telling me the same thing. can a s... for those of you that missed it. we'll see you tonight @ lawlor how i feel right now how i feel right now how i feel right now how i feel right now [shameless plug] have nothing to do mondays at 7 pm? listen to my radio ... so there should be at least 199 students at the game tonight right? new website for the unr computer gaming club how do you find out your student id number now that epaws is gone. firefox won't connect to mynevada nor webcampus. crosspost from r/reno reddit meetup tomorrow at craft university of nevada alumni association's sacramento  chapter now has a ... found this awesome piece of footage. found this awesome piece of footage. found this awesome piece of footage. brace yourself brace yourself the dorms? unr parking wolfie jr wins the national capital one mascot challenge! wolfie jr wins the national capital one mascot challenge! wolfie jr wins the national capital one mascot challenge! we're still on for craft at 6:30 tonight! after finals after finals studying aid.  good luck with all your finals pack! studying aid.  good luck with all your finals pack! trying to remember... happy dead day! happy dead day! only my father. the league of procrastinating, alcoholic scholars. and it's uphill too... and it's uphill too... and it's uphill too... and it's uphill too... geocache on campus one more semester as a college senior.... one more semester as a college senior.... nye narwhals basketball and football game attendance vote for wolfie!  looking for friends ucgc sc2 tourney something that has been bugging me... occupy reno is holding its first event at unr tomorrow at 12:30 in front... anyone need a roommate? pine needles starcraft2 tournament! pizza, prizes &amp; more after the events at berkeley and davis, maybe it's time for occupy unr? hope everyone is safe! is it wrong to troll them? it is shit like this r/unr...   that makes this place awesome it is shit like this r/unr...   that makes this place awesome new logo thanks to notquitegone! new logo thanks to notquitegone! safe place to ask noob questions  it's a lot of stairs, but it's worth it... it's a lot of stairs, but it's worth it... it's a lot of stairs, but it's worth it... it's a lot of stairs, but it's worth it... successful meetup was a success! (x-post from r/reno) successful meetup was a success! (x-post from r/reno) second picture from the r/unr meetup today! [fixed] second picture from the r/unr meetup today! [fixed] second picture from the r/unr meetup today!	 second picture from the r/unr meetup today!	 first r/unr meetup! first r/unr meetup! don't forget the cookies..... don't forget the cookies..... /r/unr meet-up friday 6pm /r/unr meetup today! drive-up donation drive in front of the joe on saturday grad school i need your help fellow students look or sound familiar? look or sound familiar? r/unr meetup? brews tonight could someone please explain why the physics dept. has such a bad reputa... til about this subreddit. frisbee anyone? unr humans vs zombies seen driving on mccarren between evans and north virginia... anyone want... who to take for ch? when people look familiar on campus when people look familiar on campus if this makes me weird, then fine if this makes me weird, then fine why you should log out of the knowledge center computers... mr. alex bu... why you should log out of the knowledge center computers... mr. alex bu... what's a good place to get a haircut near campus? are you pumped up for the big game tomorrow? this might help. soccer anyone? how does anyone make friends around here? how i feel about the recent radio changes... occupy reno is holding a general assembly this week at unr a friend of mine keeps this on his desk in front of the students chair i... elephants on campus? 100 members!!! 100 members!!! new math and science building did anyone else get 5 emails through webct wishing them a good day a cou... anyone following #occupywallstreet? so how psyched was i... about the new video board...  more pack nostalgia to show my appreciation for this subreddit! freshmen at the joe freshmen at the joe freshmen at the joe what should one avoid here? damnit! it's a library! damnit! it's a library! damnit! it's a library! mtaphyscl - wolf pack song meetup!?! meetup!?! attention r/unr: earn real life karma and give blood tomorrow, 9/17 (x-p... this belongs here this belongs here touchdown tuesday 15% off at the bookstore! continue to spread the word :) continue to spread the word :) ucgc fragfest (every thursday) starcraft 2 collegiate (csl) group college of engineering bbq! how to get the word out! how to get the word out! welcome to unr. welcome to unr. college subreddit competition! online information of other unr students hello! lol really? (found in elevator) what are my chances of being accepted to unr? will be in reno, nevada for a jazz festival this weekend. looking for an... have you guy's been reading those nevada confessions? i don't believe ha... attention unr medical marijuana cardholders/dealers/frequent users new dead day edition of coffin and keys is online! y'all hear? hey. listen  it's that time of year again, reddit trick or treat meetup day 2012, loc... any ents stuck in the bay area and going to unr next year? how are the sociology programs? with webct gone... rootbeer?!? ibc rootbeer cold and bottled only $1 at that little hotdog ... 21+ theta tau nu bubinger fundraiser, all you can drink sky vodka for $10 well look at that, unr reddit need a lacrosse stick? math 126r teacher posting fb comments about student papers? let's be frients.