 any good ideas for a fundraiser? ua web cam looking north during sunset the other night ua web cam looking north during sunset the other night ua web cam looking north during sunset the other night ua web cam looking north during sunset the other night arizona basketball players rush zona zoo to celebrate pac-12 championship arizona basketball players rush zona zoo to celebrate pac-12 championship arizona basketball players rush zona zoo to celebrate pac-12 championship arizona basketball players rush zona zoo to celebrate pac-12 championship vegas for pac-12 tourney? looking for someone to take over my lease-april 1st! if anyone is interested, i made a bunch of btfd shirts. they're $13. has anyone taken latin 212 or latin 201/202? just pay with an echeck change.com petition to get rid of the 2.5% convenience fee being applie... change.com petition to get rid of the 2.5% convenience fee being applie... change.com petition to get rid of the 2.5% convenience fee being applie... the fs arizona girls twitter page just posted this the fs arizona girls twitter page just posted this the fs arizona girls twitter page just posted this my new license plates came in today! my new license plates came in today! my new license plates came in today! i took a nice picture of one of the crazy ladies on campus. what a goof... i took a nice picture of one of the crazy ladies on campus. what a goof... [x-post from /r/tucson] maketopolis - tucson's first maker fair on march... any tips on dog friendly places to study? transfer into engineering at the ua 4 years of spanish in hs? will be in the area for work for 3 weeks, what to do? apache santa cruz or hopi? zona zoo rightfully used as poster boy for shitty student sections what have you guys heard about star pass campus crossings student apartm... what's the best off-campus student apartment for uofarizona? reddit gold... what are we better than you? pool season in february...that's why found this guy wandering around campus. yes, that is a boot on his head. found this guy wandering around campus. yes, that is a boot on his head. found this guy wandering around campus. yes, that is a boot on his head. found this guy wandering around campus. yes, that is a boot on his head. can someone print this on a poster and bring to game tonight? can someone print this on a poster and bring to game tonight? uapd drunkenness for the win! uapd drunkenness for the win! how is the computer science program? what's the worst part if attending u of a? new arizona basketball video: mckale - what a place new arizona basketball video: mckale - what a place did colorado beat asu tonight? what they're saying about arizona... what they're saying about arizona... what they're saying about arizona... what they're saying about arizona... what they're saying about arizona... getting into a full class? so, you want to change the world? nick foles pro bowl bound nick foles pro bowl bound nick foles pro bowl bound nick foles pro bowl bound nick foles pro bowl bound u of a electrical engineering 2015 top-10 pg tyler dorsey commits to arizona 2015 top-10 pg tyler dorsey commits to arizona would you guys be willing to give me some insight on the dorms? ua catalina sky survey astronomer strikes again ua women's hoops coach accused of harrassment, sending dick pics ua women's hoops coach accused of harrassment, sending dick pics jalen tabor (five star db) commits to arizona over alabama. jalen tabor (five star db) commits to arizona over alabama. jalen tabor (five star db) commits to arizona over alabama. jalen tabor (five star db) commits to arizona over alabama. uofa point guard comparison from the game today uofa point guard comparison from the game today question for a transfer dean saxton "you deserve to be raped" expulsion petition dean saxton "you deserve to be raped" expulsion petition we thought it would be cool to create a list of the best food that fresh... failed math ka'deem carey makes ap all-america team ka'deem carey makes ap all-america team ka'deem carey makes ap all-america team happy december 15th wildcats! happy december 15th wildcats! happy december 15th wildcats! happy december 15th wildcats! michigan/arizona game preview ka'deem gets shafted by another award committee - bc's andre williams w... ka'deem gets shafted by another award committee - bc's andre williams w... free show at the loft(xpost from tucson) it's official: arizona wildcats ranked no. 1 it's official: arizona wildcats ranked no. 1 it's official: arizona wildcats ranked no. 1 it's official: arizona wildcats ranked no. 1 it's official: arizona wildcats ranked no. 1 it's official: arizona wildcats ranked no. 1 old guy kicks asu fan in the face old guy kicks asu fan in the face old guy kicks asu fan in the face old guy kicks asu fan in the face looking for u of a vs ucla/usc tix looking for u of a vs ucla/usc tix unlv basketball game 58-21 d will getting off to a good start in sacramento d will getting off to a good start in sacramento d will getting off to a good start in sacramento we ran over your 'cats any good places in east valley to watch us/asu game tomorrow? ua fans lo... the duel in the desert: arizona and arizona state duke it out for the t... the duel in the desert: arizona and arizona state duke it out for the t... look what those bastards did to wilbur :( look what those bastards did to wilbur :( look what those bastards did to wilbur :( look what those bastards did to wilbur :( scooby wright's interception on the first play of yesterday's game scooby wright's interception on the first play of yesterday's game scooby wright's interception on the first play of yesterday's game scooby wright's interception on the first play of yesterday's game scooby wright's interception on the first play of yesterday's game scooby wright's interception on the first play of yesterday's game scooby wright's interception on the first play of yesterday's game scooby wright's interception on the first play of yesterday's game i need a course suggestion. oregon ducks vs. arizona wildcats - recap - november 23, 2013 oregon ducks vs. arizona wildcats - recap - november 23, 2013 oregon ducks vs. arizona wildcats - recap - november 23, 2013 oregon ducks vs. arizona wildcats - recap - november 23, 2013 the goalposts are down in tucson the goalposts are down in tucson accepted.how do i change my major? for the second year in a row, asu's "a" mountain guard has failed to pr... for the second year in a row, asu's "a" mountain guard has failed to pr... for the second year in a row, asu's "a" mountain guard has failed to pr... a fuller thanks giving "the possibility of washington state beating arizona this weekend does n... stanley johnson commits to arizona stanley johnson commits to arizona stanley johnson commits to arizona stanley johnson commits to arizona stanley johnson commits to arizona i have an extra ticket to tonight's game vs long beach state, i would ha... the best of homecoming: u of a student is just a little more than halfwa... any recommendations for easy/good/interesting geneds? the engineering zone those dorms tho... catvision is ready to watch the cats take on ucla. are you? catvision is ready to watch the cats take on ucla. are you? catvision is ready to watch the cats take on ucla. are you? catvision is ready to watch the cats take on ucla. are you? can we please find a new song to use at the football games? non-az student looking for u of a student seats tomorrow please help me with my project and take this short (4 question) survey!!! arizona vs aswho seats? how good is the journalism program at u of a? looking for someone to take over lease dec 1-may 30 - please help! arizona hat tailgating question tailgating question common rooms @eller johnny knoxville is doing an ama and of the course he answers a question... tunnel system beneath ua tunnel system beneath ua there's our boy! nick foles fantastic; eagles win to take nfc east lead there's our boy! nick foles fantastic; eagles win to take nfc east lead there's our boy! nick foles fantastic; eagles win to take nfc east lead there's our boy! nick foles fantastic; eagles win to take nfc east lead there's our boy! nick foles fantastic; eagles win to take nfc east lead difference between ua &amp; asu college basketball fan bases. best ecol 182 or chem 152 professor? metal festival at the rock this weekend great run! jim click run 'n roll on the ua mall ortege jenkins' "leap by the lake" arizona vs. washington, 1998 ortege jenkins' "leap by the lake" arizona vs. washington, 1998 ortege jenkins' "leap by the lake" arizona vs. washington, 1998 ortege jenkins' "leap by the lake" arizona vs. washington, 1998 so, what are the best things to do on/off campus? lost glasses lost glasses lost glasses anyone live or know anyone that lives in the julia keen neighborhood? new seats in the union?! new seats in the union?! new seats in the union?! new seats in the union?! new seats in the union?! come play handball monday @ 8 pm in the rec center does anyone know if i can download torrents via the uofa wifi? join xerocraft hackerspace on sept 7 for our grand re-opening celebration stolen marin bike on mountain and adams stolen marin bike on mountain and adams mtg? collegiate dota 2 league - uofa anyone interested in a weekly /r/pac12 power rankings? #5 power forward craig victor commits to arizona #5 power forward craig victor commits to arizona #5 power forward craig victor commits to arizona graduate program at the uofa buzzfeed's you know you went to ua when... buzzfeed's you know you went to ua when... buzzfeed's you know you went to ua when... can someone help me get access to a scientific journal? what happens if i sign up for a class without the prerequisites? comp science classes advice needed sean miller is named one of the top recruiters in the country according... sean miller is named one of the top recruiters in the country according... graduation 2013 video? double majoring? freshman looking to go into pre-med, wondering what classes i should tak... job opening in the registrar's office (freshman and sophomore applicants... reddit meetup tonight @ 7! incoming freshman requesting advice on meal plans uofa parking we're going to need to boycott family guy for life we're going to need to boycott family guy for life i got bored and made myself this ipad wallpaper, figured i'd share it wi... masters in mis @ eller why should you "swap not drop"? transfer help an incoming freshman on dorms? computer science at u of a? kanye west projecting a video in two locations (4th ave/u of a) tonight ... men's basketball non-conference schedule for next season has been annou... men's basketball non-conference schedule for next season has been annou... ua employees: you may receive a bill in the mail due to asrs audit i need help for my alumni(alumnae?) girlfriend saw this on r/pics... those letters didn't need light anyway saw this on r/pics... those letters didn't need light anyway saw this on r/pics... those letters didn't need light anyway saw this on r/pics... those letters didn't need light anyway possible sophomore transfer with some questions. the end of 2013 commencement - 5/10/13 the end of 2013 commencement - 5/10/13 the end of 2013 commencement - 5/10/13 graduating with my masters tomorrow... apparently they won't allow me t... graduating with my masters tomorrow... apparently they won't allow me t... graduating with my masters tomorrow... apparently they won't allow me t... graduating with my masters tomorrow... apparently they won't allow me t... handicap parking at the u of a - do you recommend getting a permit, or i... the football team got redesigned uniforms... the football team got redesigned uniforms... uofa football to play in glendale in 2013? personal statements - how did you do yours, and did you include any lett... can i be successful with an economics degree (via eller) from ua? video: rich rodriguez speaks with phx media engineering design day - come see the engineering final projects engineering design day - come see the engineering final projects matt scott, dan buckner, and kyle quinn all sign with nfl teams. matt scott, dan buckner, and kyle quinn all sign with nfl teams. matt scott, dan buckner, and kyle quinn all sign with nfl teams. heh heh heh heh heh packet loss, especially while playing video games, on uawifi international student. moving to tucson this fall. looking for accommoda... protest march? which wich on university closing at the end of the year. last day of bu... which wich on university closing at the end of the year. last day of bu... potential transfer with questions good job espn has anyone else been experiencing excessively slow speeds on uawifi for... has anyone else been experiencing excessively slow speeds on uawifi for... robot surfing - dr.marcellin was having fun robot surfing - dr.marcellin was having fun what do you guys want the most out of you resident assistants? girl at uofa asks seth meyers something odd imgur down on uawifi? imgur down on uawifi? imgur down on uawifi? any photographers looking for an on-campus job? do i have to submit an application for summer term and fall term? is there a university wide calendar for all departmental talks and lectu... i need a 4th person for my house next year! aaron gordon (24 pts, 8 reb) named mvp of mcdonalds all-american hs game. aaron gordon (24 pts, 8 reb) named mvp of mcdonalds all-american hs game. aaron gordon (24 pts, 8 reb) named mvp of mcdonalds all-american hs game. just in case anyone still liked notorious ua douchebag aussie blair: he ... #4 espn 100 recruit aaron gordon commits to arizona #4 espn 100 recruit aaron gordon commits to arizona #4 espn 100 recruit aaron gordon commits to arizona #4 espn 100 recruit aaron gordon commits to arizona #4 espn 100 recruit aaron gordon commits to arizona top five basketball recruit aaron gordon committs to arizona!!!! top five basketball recruit aaron gordon committs to arizona!!!! aaron gordon senior mixtape... this kid is a beast pac-12 head of officials investigated for targeting arizona's sean miller pac-12 head of officials investigated for targeting arizona's sean miller pac-12 head of officials investigated for targeting arizona's sean miller pac-12 head of officials investigated for targeting arizona's sean miller pac-12 head of officials investigated for targeting arizona's sean miller pac-12 head of officials investigated for targeting arizona's sean miller went to a uofa football game back in 2010. here's my best photo from th... went to a uofa football game back in 2010. here's my best photo from th... went to a uofa football game back in 2010. here's my best photo from th... anyone subleasing their apartment around campus over summer? looks like one of our pep band members made it onto the sb nation blog. looks like one of our pep band members made it onto the sb nation blog. looks like one of our pep band members made it onto the sb nation blog. looks like harvard is regressing to the mean looks like harvard is regressing to the mean man with a rifle in the administration building. the university is tell... man with a rifle in the administration building. the university is tell... man with a rifle in the administration building. the university is tell... man with a rifle in the administration building. the university is tell... man with a rifle in the administration building. the university is tell... anyone know of places to watch with fellow wildcats up near scottsdale?  where's everyone watching the game tonight? r/uofarizona's official march madness group rules to /r/collegebasketball tournament contest off campus housing wildcatauthority.com- sean miller after ucla wildcatauthority.com- sean miller after ucla wildcatauthority.com- sean miller after ucla looking for (hopefully off campus) roommates next year my reaction to every thing bill walton fucking says  my reaction to every thing bill walton fucking says  my reaction to every thing bill walton fucking says  my reaction to every thing bill walton fucking says  my reaction to every thing bill walton fucking says  basketball infographic basketball infographic basketball infographic basketball infographic what is the craziest story you've heard at the ua or experience you had? what is the craziest story you've heard at the ua or experience you had? incoming student curious about different frat stereotypes incoming student curious about different frat stereotypes choosing my residence hall tomorrow... looking for a gym buddy... just when you thought sparky couldn't get any worse... deerfield/cottonwood creek living on vs living off campus? x-post from r/tucson - rock climbing this weekend? tedx tucson tuesday 2/26/13 at the bookstore 5-6pm puzzle pong on kickstarter: university of arizona social life another ua snow picture (from top of sumc) another ua snow picture (from top of sumc) another ua snow picture (from top of sumc) another ua snow picture (from top of sumc) another ua snow picture (from top of sumc) i think tucson is confused... i think tucson is confused... i think tucson is confused... i think tucson is confused... google's ingress game on campus! has anyone else experienced ridiculous fees associated with overdue libr... uofa vs nau financial aid  i just got into u of arizona's mfa painting program! if you're going to wear an arizona shirt, at least know what "bear down... if you're going to wear an arizona shirt, at least know what "bear down... if you're going to wear an arizona shirt, at least know what "bear down... harlem shake: university of arizona edition harlem shake: university of arizona edition harlem shake: university of arizona edition harlem shake: university of arizona edition brother jed protestors, doing everything they can to prevent him from p... brother jed protestors, doing everything they can to prevent him from p... brother jed protestors, doing everything they can to prevent him from p... brother jed protestors, doing everything they can to prevent him from p... i'm considering university of arizona for mechanical engineering, does a... bike stolen- :(  eller mba program: elective options? tickets to the basketball game right now. pm me and i will send you the ... we have reached 1,000 wildcats! we have reached 1,000 wildcats! we have reached 1,000 wildcats! brother jed is coming. brother jed is coming. brother jed is coming. what should i see on my visit to uofa? u of a really nows how to 'pop' off parties.... photography students: i'm in need of a headshot! still can't believe we lost this anyone interested in a 1 bedroom or sublease?  good attorney/legal council for minor in possession alcohol/mj charges, ... doubt he'll do it, but none the less  doubt he'll do it, but none the less  doubt he'll do it, but none the less  where do you go on campus when it's cold? ucla zonazoo ticket? to all you wildcat graduates out there to all you wildcat graduates out there ieee/gamedev club lan/game night - 1/25 -5:30pm - ece 105 question about uofa picture frames easy classes? consortium agreement mark lyons' response to jahii carson's tweet claiming he is the best pg... mark lyons' response to jahii carson's tweet claiming he is the best pg... arizona vs. sdsu highlights arizona vs. sdsu highlights arizona vs. sdsu highlights arizona vs. sdsu highlights i created a google+ communities page for ua students and alumni, join if... the final minutes of arizona's comeback win over florida the final minutes of arizona's comeback win over florida the final minutes of arizona's comeback win over florida the final minutes of arizona's comeback win over florida oh really? oh really? oh really? oh really? full replay of new mexico bowl (arizona vs. nevada), worth a watch. full replay of new mexico bowl (arizona vs. nevada), worth a watch. feliz navidad from arizona basketball feliz navidad from arizona basketball how i felt watching the end of the basketball game after the football g... how i felt watching the end of the basketball game after the football g... how i felt watching the end of the basketball game after the football g... how i felt watching the end of the basketball game after the football g... how i felt watching the end of the basketball game after the football g... interesting site. [x-post from /r/tucson]incoming rain: should be raining by ~8pm with 10... [x-post from /r/tucson]incoming rain: should be raining by ~8pm with 10... come watch u of a ultimate play asu tonight on campus! party/meetup this friday! /r/tucson didn't like my sub, maybe you guys will: the university of ar... /r/tucson didn't like my sub, maybe you guys will: the university of ar... /r/tucson didn't like my sub, maybe you guys will: the university of ar... /r/tucson didn't like my sub, maybe you guys will: the university of ar... anyone able to help a wildcat out?  please take this survey for a mktg c... end of the semester professor evals... end of the semester professor evals... end of the semester professor evals... end of the semester professor evals... end of the semester professor evals... end of the semester professor evals... asu kids posted a public google doc to organize guarding their 'a' moun... asu kids posted a public google doc to organize guarding their 'a' moun... asu kids posted a public google doc to organize guarding their 'a' moun... i can not wait for friday! i can not wait for friday! i can not wait for friday! i can not wait for friday! is the lbsu game streaming anywhere tonight? friday is a red out! and by the way, we have red helmets now. friday is a red out! and by the way, we have red helmets now. friday is a red out! and by the way, we have red helmets now. once again asu has failed to protect their "a" mountain, this time its ... once again asu has failed to protect their "a" mountain, this time its ... once again asu has failed to protect their "a" mountain, this time its ... once again asu has failed to protect their "a" mountain, this time its ... once again asu has failed to protect their "a" mountain, this time its ... once again asu has failed to protect their "a" mountain, this time its ... once again asu has failed to protect their "a" mountain, this time its ... being a pedestrian in the mall area.  being a pedestrian in the mall area.  being a pedestrian in the mall area.  being a pedestrian in the mall area.  being a pedestrian in the mall area.  being a pedestrian in the mall area.  write a holiday card for heroes! need a bullshit class for credits!  is anyone streaming the football game? iphone 4/4s wallpapers (sorry iphone5 users) iphone 4/4s wallpapers (sorry iphone5 users) iphone 4/4s wallpapers (sorry iphone5 users) zona gangnam style zona gangnam style zona gangnam style zona gangnam style zona gangnam style anyone going to the 5k color vibe? another poll on espn about the biggest pac-12 game from last week. vote ... tonights game will be streamed live for free!! uofa memes gets it right  uofa memes gets it right  uofa memes gets it right  uofa memes gets it right  uofa memes gets it right  is anyone else surprised that we didn't rush the field yesterday? usc falls to arizona, 39-36, despite huge game by marqise lee usc falls to arizona, 39-36, despite huge game by marqise lee usc falls to arizona, 39-36, despite huge game by marqise lee usc falls to arizona, 39-36, despite huge game by marqise lee usc falls to arizona, 39-36, despite huge game by marqise lee ieee/gamedev club lan/game night - 10/26 -5:30pm - ece 105 ieee/gamedev club lan/game night - 10/26 -5:30pm - ece 105 reminder! official reddit tucson(and r/uofa) halloween meetup extravagan... almost time for the red/blue game! almost time for the red/blue game! bear down! bear down! bear down! bear down! bear down! bear down! mens bball red/blue scrimmage live streamed here 2pm. (xpost r/arizonawi... editorial cartoon in the daily wildcat (fixed link) editorial cartoon in the daily wildcat (fixed link) editorial cartoon in the daily wildcat (fixed link) dropbox space race - 3 gb free for two years dropbox space race - 3 gb free for two years gottlieb has us picked to win it all!  bear down! gottlieb has us picked to win it all!  bear down! 2012/13 preseason ncaa top 25: #15 arizona wildcats.  key returning pla... 2012/13 preseason ncaa top 25: #15 arizona wildcats.  key returning pla... so my house was burglarized yesterday...  so my house was burglarized yesterday...  university of arizona band day our defense... our defense... catvision hd control room (panorama) catvision hd control room (panorama) hey wildcats, show your support for the pride of arizona marching band!  hey wildcats, show your support for the pride of arizona marching band!  i'm helping host regular tedx talks on campus starting in october. what... i'm helping host regular tedx talks on campus starting in october. what... picture taken at the game last night picture taken at the game last night picture taken at the game last night picture taken at the game last night picture taken at the game last night ieee/gamedev club lan/game night - 9/28  -5:30pm - ece 105 wilma is tied w/ the duck in the capital one mascot challenge. vote for ... space shuttle endeavor flyover album space shuttle endeavor flyover album space shuttle endeavor flyover album saw this in adviceanimals, thought it belonged here... weren't we supposed to have a meetup last weekend? did that ever happen? reddit on asu reddit on asu reddit on asu reddit on asu reddit on asu reddit on asu reddit on asu another good basketball recruit another good basketball recruit you should all vote for uofa as having the most 'impressive' win in the... you should all vote for uofa as having the most 'impressive' win in the... you should all vote for uofa as having the most 'impressive' win in the... we dominated oklahoma state, 59-38!! go cats! we dominated oklahoma state, 59-38!! go cats! we dominated oklahoma state, 59-38!! go cats! we dominated oklahoma state, 59-38!! go cats! we dominated oklahoma state, 59-38!! go cats! we dominated oklahoma state, 59-38!! go cats! we dominated oklahoma state, 59-38!! go cats! yugioh uofa lan and online pc gaming crowd? where can i find them? all set to go for kickoff! all set to go for kickoff! all set to go for kickoff! all set to go for kickoff! all set to go for kickoff! congrats wildcats! overlooking coronado... overlooking coronado... overlooking coronado... overlooking coronado... overlooking coronado... haircut places bike polo how much do zonazoo season tickets cost?  anyone know of any pickup soccer games around campus? any redditors that live at northpointe? looking to set up d&amp;d/pathfinder group near the uofa. i need players. nick foles nick foles uofa college reddit meetup day! 9/15 @ 7pm @ no anchovies uofa college reddit meetup day! 9/15 @ 7pm @ no anchovies uofa college reddit meetup day! 9/15 @ 7pm @ no anchovies rio salado for spanish -- has anyone taken this easy way out, and what d... beardown brigetta barrett!  silver medal in the high jump, andre iguoda... beardown brigetta barrett!  silver medal in the high jump, andre iguoda... beardown brigetta barrett!  silver medal in the high jump, andre iguoda... wilbur and wilma get an update how i feel choosing non-upper division electives how i feel choosing non-upper division electives how i feel choosing non-upper division electives univ. of arizona mistake exposes personal information online univ. of arizona mistake exposes personal information online this kid is the future of wildcats baseball. ua statement regarding former adjunct lecturer adam smith (the guy who ... ua statement regarding former adjunct lecturer adam smith (the guy who ... anyone taking french 301 or 302 in the fall?  reddit college meetup day is september 15th! reddit college meetup day is september 15th! here is how we can get google to get us faster internet.  here is how we can get google to get us faster internet.  event: aidswalk tucson downtown (early volunteer registration request) how do i sync my university email to the native ipad mail app? are there any free parking spots somewhat close to campus? espn: ex-wildcat pg josiah turner to go pro, not attend smu iama guy who has worked in the ua dorms for 4 years, here to give some ... iama guy who has worked in the ua dorms for 4 years, here to give some ... credit breakdown? what is the best class you have taken here? what is the best class you have taken here? what's the deal with 150s, 160s, and 170s? looking for a place to live? look no further! copper football helmet with az state flag on the front only in tucson will you find a ghetto, glittery ass heel on the side of... only in tucson will you find a ghetto, glittery ass heel on the side of... university of arizona wins the cws, defeating south carolina 4-1. university of arizona wins the cws, defeating south carolina 4-1. university of arizona wins the cws, defeating south carolina 4-1. university of arizona wins the cws, defeating south carolina 4-1. university of arizona wins the cws, defeating south carolina 4-1. university of arizona wins the cws, defeating south carolina 4-1. university of arizona wins the cws, defeating south carolina 4-1. university of arizona wins the cws, defeating south carolina 4-1. university of arizona wins the cws, defeating south carolina 4-1. arizona vs south carolina - game thread (espn2/3) arizona vs south carolina - game thread (espn2/3) anybody need a dna sequencer? there's six up for auction by the u of a s... u of a destroying florida state right now u of a destroying florida state right now u of a destroying florida state right now majors that give full rides? arizona gets commitments from two local receivers former wildcat  jamelle horne signs with israeli league kyriat ata.  looking for a 300 or 400 level class with no prerequisites this fall just moved and looking for advice! anyone still looking for housing next year? $425 per month. 1 mile away ... graduate students unite! what are your experiences with different cell phone companies on campus? attending u of arizona for a month long program this summer. what advice... happy cinco de mango! free eegees! happy cinco de mango! free eegees! don't forget to back up your files. u of a students increase my faith in humanity. u of a students increase my faith in humanity. strawberry week!!!! what laptop should i get for mechanical engineering? anyone play pickup basketball at the rec center? what's the best (and most affordable) summer storage service/facility fo... need a place to live starting may 1st? my office is looking for a work study student who has experience coding lost bike lock key on/near ua campus read between the bars book packing party tonight best bars on campus interesting campus engineering facts: uofa has 12mw of power generation... interesting campus engineering facts: uofa has 12mw of power generation... interesting campus engineering facts: uofa has 12mw of power generation... totally lost my keys... looking for an interesting class to take during fall semester 2012, any ... you know what i'm talking about you know what i'm talking about you know what i'm talking about you know what i'm talking about anyone need an apartment right now or interested in summer housing? this seems to concern us...az to pass bill outlawing "annoying" languag... this seems to concern us...az to pass bill outlawing "annoying" languag... r/uofarizona &amp; r/tucson pizza meetup &amp; divorce party for angel @... dorm assignment: la paz anyone been thinking about starting a colbert super pac club/organizatio... what's everyone doing tonight? 3 cs majors looking for something stupid ... why are people general studies majors? anyone else pulling a thirsty thursday all-nighter? i'm looking for someone to rent my 2br/2ba house for the summer. anyone ... huge grab by ua baseball player robert refsnyder huge grab by ua baseball player robert refsnyder how zona fans feel (xpost from pics) how zona fans feel (xpost from pics) u of a basketball team earns no.1 seed in nit *wanking motion* rude... ads: az bill would give extra funds to universities - but not ua rude... ads: az bill would give extra funds to universities - but not ua ua fraternity brothers face sex charges ua fraternity brothers face sex charges lost my wallet report: 4 arizona wildcats football players arrested after fight report: 4 arizona wildcats football players arrested after fight til that people are again being sucked into another facebook trend. til that people are again being sucked into another facebook trend. help: getting a font for an essay volunteers wanted for a meal packaging event i'm in the library right now. did you see that ludicrous display last night? arizona house committee oks tuition-contribution bill arizona house committee oks tuition-contribution bill some people may care; university of arizona research at its finest.  some people may care; university of arizona research at its finest.  bill would require all college students to pay $2,000 of their tuition bill would require all college students to pay $2,000 of their tuition uofa basketball streaming? potentially rushing next year. what are the general stereotypes for each... potential wildcat asking how's the band? incoming transfer saying hi  incoming transfer saying hi  asu gets ripped on snl asu gets ripped on snl asu gets ripped on snl asu gets ripped on snl i've heard about pages like this. i can't believe it happened to us. anyone else catch who bucky was creeping on?  anyone else catch who bucky was creeping on?  does anyone here tune their vehicles? imports, muscle? catvision's instant replay machines got new test patterns today... catvision's instant replay machines got new test patterns today... february meet-up : tucson [xpost from r/tucson] how do you reserve men's basketball tickets if you have a zonazoo pass? you guys are always looking for clubs to join --comedy corner auditions ... looking for an apartment or house found this in the math building. lol-league of legends over heard this... (facepalm)  over heard this... (facepalm)  over heard this... (facepalm)  not a lawyer, but this new house bill seems to imply that our costs migh... r/uofarizona new semester meetup, this friday, 5:00pm, no anchovies! r/uofarizona new semester meetup, this friday, 5:00pm, no anchovies! sun devils are inferior... sun devils are inferior... are you kidding me, u of a facebook advert? are you kidding me, u of a facebook advert? is there free parking near the rec center after 5:00 pm? reddit ua meetup friday, january 27th? reddit ua meetup friday, january 27th? xpost from r/tucson. meetup feb 11th. discuss ideas here! so i checked the discussion section for my online class this semester... so i checked the discussion section for my online class this semester... ua-oregon state scuffle from the baseline ua-oregon state scuffle from the baseline the star wipe is ready the star wipe is ready have we ever thought about doing a ua reddit meetup? have we ever thought about doing a ua reddit meetup? clubs clubs clubs clubs anyone still looking for a place to lives this semester? anyone still looking for a place to lives this semester? d-will alley-oop in his rookie nba season d-will alley-oop in his rookie nba season any good clubs/organizations worth joining? ua vs bryant post-game press conference merry christmas! haha the daily star's photo album of last night's game is full of derp faces ... here's your "artsy" behind the scenes pic for ua vs oakland here's your "artsy" behind the scenes pic for ua vs oakland miss arizona goes to u of a!!! vote her to the top-15! how do you guys find houses for rent around ua? this class will be awesome you all should take it. this class will be awesome you all should take it. best study spots? what happens if i failed 2 of my classes first semester? lost keys might be a freshman next year, advice? chrome plugin: stayfocusd - it's nearly final's week. block all social ... chrome plugin: stayfocusd - it's nearly final's week. block all social ... make sure you hang out for halftime tonight! secret place basketball game feeds online the best seats i'll ever buy in mckale for $50 job title:  library assistant, sr. (working title: assistant exhibit pre... an awesome find. new video board up at mckale! $1000 scholarship for zonazoo members t.r.u.t.h. - tucson reddit ultimate treasure hunt - #4 in the series - t... i'm a freshman at the u and i fucking hate it. please help (or just lis... i'm a freshman at the u and i fucking hate it. please help (or just lis... til pearl jam held a benefit concert against the ua and burned a block ... til pearl jam held a benefit concert against the ua and burned a block ... football wins final game of the season football wins final game of the season is the saturday's u of a football game not being shown on tv? all ready to go for the ua vs sdsu game! all ready to go for the ua vs sdsu game! easy/useful math classes to take for a math minor? any help would be ver... arizona set to hire former michigan coach rich rodriguez arizona set to hire former michigan coach rich rodriguez arizona set to hire former michigan coach rich rodriguez my new desktop background my new desktop background my new desktop background my new desktop background no matter what happens this saturday, we can still take pride in knowin... no matter what happens this saturday, we can still take pride in knowin... prospective student here. how is u of a's cse department? who else likes to walk through here? who else likes to walk through here? who else likes to walk through here? who else likes to walk through here? who else likes to walk through here? who else likes to walk through here? who else likes to walk through here? what reddit is good for.  what reddit is good for.  have my own office on campus, so i decided to represent our community i... have my own office on campus, so i decided to represent our community i... have my own office on campus, so i decided to represent our community i... job listing for u of a redditor az vs. duquesne, what to expect.  who's going to the basketball game tonight? ua hockey on usteam tonite and tomorrow at 7:30 if you can't make the ga... winter is coming, heat your office for science! (uofa seti@home team) dear students: select time slot, spread the word, take over the "a" dear students: select time slot, spread the word, take over the "a" need a logo for a ua club! uofa hikers... i tried to make a "thrillhouse" button on the catvision switcher, but i ... urgent! i need one female to play volleyball on my sand 4's team at 6:15... just a reminder, u of a has a hockey team, and their first home game is... just a reminder, u of a has a hockey team, and their first home game is... soccer! got my basketball credentials today. i guess that means it's officially... got my basketball credentials today. i guess that means it's officially... fuck registration.... fuck registration.... a soon to be wildcat (hopefully). chemistry club magic show! streaker during uofa ucla football game streaker during uofa ucla football game streaker during uofa ucla football game catvision hd is ready to watch the cats bear down and beat the bruins. ... catvision hd is ready to watch the cats bear down and beat the bruins. ... who at the u supports the occupy wall street movement and wants to get p... good tier 2 arts/humanities
 breakfast around campus? found this gem at the uofa bookstore. very tempting.  found this gem at the uofa bookstore. very tempting.  found this gem at the uofa bookstore. very tempting.  stoop kid has left the arizona football stoop. stoop kid has left the arizona football stoop. need an ad for your school newspaper? need an ad for your school newspaper? need an ad for your school newspaper? [open hangout] friday night bbq (10/7) learn from my student's mistakes. don't forget to spell check... learn from my student's mistakes. don't forget to spell check... the white panda arizona basketball player kevin parrom shot arizona basketball player kevin parrom shot open hangout at my place tonight (saturday) wondering which classes to take? whichclasses.com wondering which classes to take? whichclasses.com file sharing on university network new parking meters on campus i can't think of a better place to ask is honor's college worth it? they're here! how hard can it be? how hard can it be? wear your colors against oregon! who is going to be at chipotle today from 5-7pm for free burritos? casual soccer games on the mall(tuesdays) there is a comedy corner show tonight at 830 in the cellar! it's free im... new video board looking awesome on opening day! new video board looking awesome on opening day! our new top recruit--wow. "every single recruiting class under sean has gotten better than the pre... lost and found: the tale of a laptop the minecraft club how i feel walking in between classes... how i feel walking in between classes... how i feel walking in between classes... how i feel walking in between classes... [request] help locating friend's imac (xpost from r/tucson) so... how was the f7u12 party? work at the u of a!! (seeking professional systems admin) brandon ashley commits to uofa... arizona now ranked #1 recruiting clas... brandon ashley commits to uofa... arizona now ranked #1 recruiting clas... til revenge of the nerds was filmed on campus  til revenge of the nerds was filmed on campus  pay it forward (like ebeck1). fellow redditors, i'm here to pay it forward in hopes that you guys mig... fellow redditors, i'm here to pay it forward in hopes that you guys mig... who wants to go pick apples this weekend(saturday)! and get hot cider/ci... looking for those public lectures you've heard about? zonazoo shirt sucks again! need some advice on frats sean miller - pride of arizona basketball tucson reddit ultimate treasure hunt - episode #3 [crosspost from /r/tuc... no, you stop! no, you stop! no, you stop! android and iphone apps for the university of arizona upcoming concerts? i was there for the massacre... i was there for the massacre... f7u12 themed reddit meetup. august 20th. info in link. anybody want to hangout and show a couple of incoming freshman the area? interested in playing some ultimate frisbee at university of arizona? like minecraft? i've got u of a books for sale! welcome to the new r/uofarizona! welcome to the new r/uofarizona! so, how about we all get to know each other a little better? i'd love to find out who the goatman is.  i'd love to find out who the goatman is.  as we all know the most important aspect of this competition by far is ... as we all know the most important aspect of this competition by far is ... how about a new logo r/uofa? (public opinions wanted) a uofa reddit get-together?! a uofa reddit get-together?! freshmen and transfers - here is your unofficial sports orientation (x-p... college growth competition! incoming freshmen, represent! dae think the night before the book fair would be the perfect time for a... i give you peoples of umart!!! feel free to add your own hip shots of th... in honor of the uo game, here's my video storming the field in 2007. nsf... anybody interested in sub-leasing my bedroom in a penthouse apartment at... gonewild u of a? gonewildcats? league of legends world championships viewing party ugly uniforms apparently even running is too much to ask of a sun devil uofa alumni bringing the smoothie revolution to the valley, along with t... looking for a roommate for upcoming school year question about financial aid/scholarship... any rpg groups out there? our project for the weekend. turned out better then expected. arizona wildcats get new face masks computer science cheating policy is draconian gift ideas for uofa incoming freshman! hi, i'm looking for a girl i met in australia recently who goes to u of ... u of a student looking for a place to live in august? aaron gordon commits to arizona eller mba - test score acceptance $230/month rent, just west of silverbell on speedway.  great spot for st... finals time! calculate your current average in classes to see what score... considering transferring to ua and i have some questions. our kicker election night meetup! nov 6th, skybar @ 5:30pm dropbox: join the space race to earn more free space for every one at ua!!! channing frye. he will stop playing basketball due to an enlarged heart.... does anyone know where i can get the douschebags shirt at 0:26? derrick williams, looking tiny looking for summer sublet while working at raytheon lf 2 roommates. female what 150/160 classes require no work? take two surveys for my research methods class? please? need two easy a classes for fall hippie gypsy on 4th rumor derrick williams rockin' it in the nba! anyone in the honors or id/ids programs? hey wildcats, pre-med student here planning to transfer to uofa, could u... any open house parties tonight? thriller at mckale (halloween hoot promo) u of a job - web design anyone? pay attention to the catvision intro for the oregon game [hiring] computer help for 3 months josiah turner is a badass honey badger easy upper division electives thoughts on a r/uofarizona and r/tucson daytrip to parker canyon lake or... so... n9ne fest. is anyone going? if there are any guys rushing, or just thinking about possibly joining a... soccer again would anyone support a point guard u subreddit? ua's free mac miller concert kevin parrom used to go dancing like you... hey uofa - i'm conducting a short survey about learning management syste... new subreddit for wildcat sports: r/beardownarizona you got forked, kitties! sun devil pride! good job, kitties! you barely beat a mac school! bear down? more like lay down why is the end zone seating empty? way to represent, wildcats! nothing says "u of a pride" like beating you... ka'deem carey proving he belongs at university of arizona you know the uaconfessions page? i made it better. you can vote, post an... gunman in tucson? uofa get into full classes with the new course catcher app! i'm shmacked at u of a unfortunately this look applies to most universities (xpost from r/funny) i need blue books for finals... insanity wolf in greek life individual lease @ the retreat 2 mi. from u of a 2 hot female roommates brittney brennan asu associate professor arrested by tempe police u of a scumbag gets popped on four felonies, kicked off team so this is just my opinion.. enough said. anyone need a place to stay starting from january? why the very early start time for our game against the cougs? free parking options at the u of a? regardless of how the second half goes because i just couldn't resist house right across the street from u of a!