 any u of i peeps actually on here? any u of i peeps actually on here? apartment rentals for dummies? idaho senate oks bill to allow guns on campus. university of idaho selects new president come to cruise the world tomorrow for those who may be interested in the "restoring the 4th" effort. rental companies in moscow? blink 182 help finding work? rides to and from boise for holidays? how was orientation? univ. of idaho proposing new mansion for president univ. of idaho proposing new mansion for president hola from nuevo mexico moving to the area, need phone advice. are llcs worth it? macklemore ticket scalpers? any golfers? university of idaho provost named president of northern illinois university marketing project question: u of i athletics idaho football to ask state board for permission to join sun belt in 2014
 idaho football to ask state board for permission to join sun belt in 2014
 my nexus just died and i really depend on my phone... anyone have a spar... doesn't pertain to uofi, but... ui president nellis tabbed as sole finalist for texas tech job. finals fest reveal! finals fest reveal! activities around moscow? what is ui like? i got accepted with a large scholarship best places to rent? paintball club ui student missing since sunday ui student missing since sunday gettin spicy in the women's bathroom.. gettin spicy in the women's bathroom.. what are some good classes/teachers to take in addition to first semeste... anybody need a new living arrangement? seattle sounders prospective student here, any virtual technology and design students here? new email troubles anybody home? parking question what did you guys wish you knew as a freshmen?  what did you guys wish you knew as a freshmen?  paul petrino, new head coach from sources sounders fc lost. it's a ghost town is anyone interested in making some uofi flair? would any of you guys (or gals) be interested in joining a weekly poker ... i'm considering going to u of i for a mechanical engineering program and... what is the best way to go about dealing with an absolute atrocity of a ... u of i student travels to 9 different cities in 2 months and makes a video. just stumbled on this subreddit. religious fanatic in front of library religious fanatic in front of library college meetup (for serious!) college meetup (for serious!) ui's wikipedia page is tagged with verification citations. apparently th... college meetup? college meetup? almost that time what should i expect from rush week? what is everyone on here studying? questions incoming freshman anyone headed down to boise? my non-redditor brother is moving to moscow for grad school in a little ... who are you people?! any flat places in moscow proper? i need some things to do in moscow... anyone left in the scow for the summer 2012? on the rare chance no one has heard yet, childish gambino (donald glove... on the rare chance no one has heard yet, childish gambino (donald glove... to the redditor who put this on my car last week, well done. to the redditor who put this on my car last week, well done. to the redditor who put this on my car last week, well done. meet up friday, april 20th at mikey's at 7:00 pm. attending vandal friday this thursday/friday... university of idaho faces multi-million dollar claim by the parents of t... paintball in the palouse [x/post from r/wsu] meet up friday, april 20th. boise state fans:simple math boise state fans:simple math what do you guys think about another meetup in april? state board of education removes 'flagship' from university of idaho's ... state board of education removes 'flagship' from university of idaho's ... you guys must be super thug status (friday, 1-1:45pm) ron paul to visit moscow. is this actually going to happen?  ron paul to visit moscow. is this actually going to happen?  university of idaho partnering with businesses. this subreddit needs more love... this subreddit needs more love... i just realized i signed up for hvz, but i do not own a nerf gun.... looks like we don't have school tomorrow. good luck on finals! good luck on finals! it's friday. is anyone else nasty and/or inebirated? friday! just wanted to say hello, i didn't even know this existed! any redditors in town for the break? ui student dies in collision. ui student dies in collision. someone please find what i hid in moscow! (r/finddit)  last meet up was pretty fun. those that didn't show up missed out on som... occupy cal votes for november 15th system-wide education strike! updated r/uofi logo updated r/uofi logo any professors in this subreddit?  or any one know a prof who uses reddit? what do you think about mikey's nov. 12th for the next meetup? what do you think about mikey's nov. 12th for the next meetup? right, so.  next meetup. the new vandal sign is the dumbest thing i have ever seen. the new vandal sign is the dumbest thing i have ever seen. the meet up was mostly a success! who is all coming to the dinner? information about the university from usnews.   lawsuit filed over girl's fall from idaho fraternity house. blame the u... lawsuit filed over girl's fall from idaho fraternity house. blame the u... tuesday october 4 ale house 6:00 pm. upvote if this is good for you.  hey someone set up a time like one month from now at 5:30 ale house officials say violent crime in moscow is heavily reported but in reality... possible vandal meet up suggestions? went home for a week and found this on my little sister's bookcase. she ... hey, vandals of reddit! humans vs. zombies at u of i!  ui student kicking ass on jeopardy x-post: i built a light up skateboard (vandals) i'm moving to moscow in august to start grad school, anyone have helpful... idaho's guns-on-campus bill fails to advance proposed fee increase released it took me longer to find this place than it should have. law student sues idaho university to keep guns ui tuition bill passes house, 60-5 jesse jackson to speak at uidaho the arboretum inside the arboretum.  a pic in the arboretum.  a water tower the theophilus tower from my apartment.  i made this u of i - themed game last semester to promote my hot dog sta... dorms or fraternity as an incoming freshman? how to get out of a parking ticket from parking in the rec center. university of idaho lets coach robb akey go are any of you going into grad school? best movie scene ever (x-post from r/funny) no more football asus laptop charger?