 no-hio state: michigan alum excludes buckeyes from social network no-hio state: michigan alum excludes buckeyes from social network no-hio state: michigan alum excludes buckeyes from social network no-hio state: michigan alum excludes buckeyes from social network transferring to u of m from art school this fall, how can i prepare myself? how many hours a day/week do you study? sorority rush as a sophomore "in diversity gap at michigan flagship, signs of a lost public mission" looking for chance the rapper tickets possible grad student here with some questions b1g champions! b1g champions! b1g champions! b1g champions! b1g champions! b1g champions! b1g champions! b1g champions! b1g champions! b1g champions! b1g champions! a mini us flag of working solar cells demonstrates the first transparen... a mini us flag of working solar cells demonstrates the first transparen... a mini us flag of working solar cells demonstrates the first transparen... an unauthorized guinea pig surgery and the accidental strangulation of a... visiting from out of town. anyone want to hang out tonight? high school junior with some questions. any master of architecture students here? b1g champs! b1g champs! b1g champs! b1g champs! b1g champs! b1g champs! university of michigan under investigation by federal agency for handli... university of michigan under investigation by federal agency for handli... can anyone give me some coe transfer advice? [vendor] i just launched a site for uofm dog apparel. let me know what y... amazing buzzer beater by robinson to give michigan the 77-76 win in ove... amazing buzzer beater by robinson to give michigan the 77-76 win in ove... amazing buzzer beater by robinson to give michigan the 77-76 win in ove... amazing buzzer beater by robinson to give michigan the 77-76 win in ove... amazing buzzer beater by robinson to give michigan the 77-76 win in ove... amazing buzzer beater by robinson to give michigan the 77-76 win in ove... amazing buzzer beater by robinson to give michigan the 77-76 win in ove... is on-campus housing late sign-up chance big? any msw students? what is the name of the jazz/swing version of "the victors" that is pla... what is the name of the jazz/swing version of "the victors" that is pla... help a fellow wolverine and human being out. help a fellow wolverine and human being out. incoming grad student looking for a roommate. your hockey team put a hell of a fight last december. check out this all... looking for a housemate (or 2) for next fall cbs drawing up the perfect play [x-post] cbs drawing up the perfect play [x-post] cbs drawing up the perfect play [x-post] cbs drawing up the perfect play [x-post] cbs drawing up the perfect play [x-post] any tips/tricks for an incoming freshman? yale vs umich(ross) created some u of m dorm guides. what does reddit think? created some u of m dorm guides. what does reddit think? created some u of m dorm guides. what does reddit think? has anyone filled requirements using the "credit by examination" option? umich scholarships lost usb at fishbowl bone marrow drive tomorrow in the ugli bone marrow drive tomorrow in the ugli is anybody selling/giving away a soft chair in or within walking distanc... favorite computer lab on campus? did you lose your car keys? did you lose your car keys? did you lose your car keys? did you lose your car keys? did you lose your car keys? did you lose your car keys? did you lose your car keys? krewella feat. logic &amp; radical something concert at emu convocation ... what is the definition of a uofm alum? help out the michigan marching band! help out the michigan marching band! i just got accepted as a transfer, what are your favorite things about t... michigan english test. does anyone have an inside scoop they'd be willin... want to rebuild hurricane-destroyed homes or help children in after-scho... residential college language requirement? questions on m-stem program why uofm? incoming freshman food advice using chromecast on mwireless the maize rage needs to step up their game the maize rage needs to step up their game likeliest way to get housing contract terminated? michigan apparel order grilled cheese tonight and support hunger relief by feelgoodum i've got 3 days to convince my fiance to go to michigan! why cant i connect to mwireless but i can connect to mguest instead? ohio university student doesn't know basic geography alright people, where are the girl scouts selling cookies on campus? alright people, where are the girl scouts selling cookies on campus? alright people, where are the girl scouts selling cookies on campus? anyone knows/likes the velvet underground? chance the rapper comes to hill in march chance the rapper comes to hill in march chance the rapper comes to hill in march chance the rapper comes to hill in march chance the rapper at hill auditorium 3/22 come to the michigan ultras fifa tournament! winner gets an official wo... come to the michigan ultras fifa tournament! winner gets an official wo... come to the michigan ultras fifa tournament! winner gets an official wo... pedestrian struck by blue bus pedestrian struck by blue bus i love how useful the umich crime notices are... i love how useful the umich crime notices are... is it too late to be searching for dorming options for next year? do they actually get mad if you have a router in the dorms? co-ops @ u of m osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... osu forgets that there is an m in "team" while omitting the letter bef... best website to find off-campus housing? the ugli has a fantastic twitter account. the ugli has a fantastic twitter account. the ugli has a fantastic twitter account. the ugli has a fantastic twitter account. the ugli has a fantastic twitter account. the ugli has a fantastic twitter account. the ugli has a fantastic twitter account. wo lverine access crazy issues [hiring] vc-backed tech startup hiring recent grads! cheap food $2 and under 29 candy hearts only wolverines will understand ideas on new auto repair shop in a^2 tell me what you think. i was accepted into engineering, but i have some questions. fire at sae house on washtenaw: 4 taken to university hospital, 20 rescued fire at sae house on washtenaw: 4 taken to university hospital, 20 rescued where is the cheapest place to buy michigan apparel near campus? anyone interested in participating in the day we fight back? anyone interested in participating in the day we fight back? population of pretentious people? population of pretentious people? population of pretentious people? michigan daily valentines day phd poli sci admission decision question. places to stay? csg calls for onsite admissions in city of detroit high schools and an a... carpool to ny? looking for parking student body president michael proppe issues executive order to establi... student body president michael proppe issues executive order to establi... student body president michael proppe issues executive order to establi... high school student here applying next year. incredibly nervous and stre... can you live in stockwell without being in sophomore experience? university housing time sign up interest in uofm school of music article about being black vs. being conservative at um any advice for a recently accepted south eastern student? trying to figure out if i want to be a wolverine... 2 admitted students looking for a firsthand taste of dorm life. first orgo exam tomorrow, any advice? just got accepted into lsa, does anyone have any advice in terms of hous... i created a wikia page of helpful resources for new wolverines! feel fr... i created a wikia page of helpful resources for new wolverines! feel fr... i created a wikia page of helpful resources for new wolverines! feel fr... which are the easier um graduates programs to gain acceptance manchester united and real madrid to play friendly at the big house on ... manchester united and real madrid to play friendly at the big house on ... manchester united and real madrid to play friendly at the big house on ... manchester united and real madrid to play friendly at the big house on ... manchester united and real madrid to play friendly at the big house on ... manchester united and real madrid to play friendly at the big house on ... just got accepted to the college of engineering! just got accepted to the college of engineering! just got accepted to the college of engineering! krewella concert on campus krewella concert on campus krewella concert on campus searching: furnished appartement march 10 to mid september 2014 university of michigan official statement foreign language recommendations? it's been nine days. did anything come of the being black protest? it's been nine days. did anything come of the being black protest? east quad this morning east quad this morning east quad this morning east quad this morning hey wolverines i'm a recruiter visiting for the engineering career fair.... come hack with us at hackillinois this april! snow day song! [3:44] former michigan kicker brendan gibbons permanently separated from unive... former michigan kicker brendan gibbons permanently separated from unive... former michigan kicker brendan gibbons permanently separated from unive... former michigan kicker brendan gibbons permanently separated from unive... former michigan kicker brendan gibbons permanently separated from unive... former michigan kicker brendan gibbons permanently separated from unive... understanding concussions: um's biomechanics research lab tests and comp... so does anyone want to build a snowman? so does anyone want to build a snowman? so does anyone want to build a snowman? buying: friday v wisconsin student hockey ticket. u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! u of m cancels school for the first time since 1978! is the ccrb open today? need a people's food coop bag til coach beilein's family members were the inspiration for saving priv... til coach beilein's family members were the inspiration for saving priv... til coach beilein's family members were the inspiration for saving priv... what is uofm admission office how to get (free) event info, particularly concerts? bewifi - let's get ann arbor on board. may-august sublet available at south forest and south u. hi guys, i have just built this quick webapp to share presentations and ... looking for a housemate for the 2014-2015 school year msu game thread msu game thread where can i find a stream for the basketball game? mark schlissel named 14th u of m president mark schlissel named 14th u of m president mark schlissel named 14th u of m president mark schlissel named 14th u of m president mark schlissel named 14th u of m president siblings weekend? stay tuned: regents to announce next university president at 10 a.m. so....who needs a place to live?! (x-post annarbor) help the uofm team win! take a 5-question quiz! help the university of michigan win! watch this video! breaking: brown university provost mark schlissel announced as next univ... u-m flint student selling ad space on graduation cap to pay off loans u-m flint student selling ad space on graduation cap to pay off loans anyone in eecs 280 still looking for a partner? university of michigan squirrel club mentioned in mental floss' new video university of michigan squirrel club mentioned in mental floss' new video university of michigan squirrel club mentioned in mental floss' new video michigan soccer player fabio pereira drafted to seattle in mls superdraft michigan soccer player fabio pereira drafted to seattle in mls superdraft michigan soccer player fabio pereira drafted to seattle in mls superdraft alright, so i'm sorta new here. explain bbum to me? being black at university of michigan organizers threaten 'physical act... being black at university of michigan organizers threaten 'physical act... being black at university of michigan organizers threaten 'physical act... being black at university of michigan organizers threaten 'physical act... hkn vs tbp? summer sublet near campus will dropping to 12 credits hurt my ross application? how hard is it to cross-campus transfer from lsa to coe? doctor says he had to quit university of michigan job after sharing secr... tweeds used the union as "old sandwich jr. high school" in season 8 tweeds used the union as "old sandwich jr. high school" in season 8 tweeds used the union as "old sandwich jr. high school" in season 8 the social justice art fair is currently accepting submissions! free amazon 2 day shipping for 6 months with .edu email ann arbor native (and albion and u-m grad) sarah mcnitt is, at the very... ann arbor native (and albion and u-m grad) sarah mcnitt is, at the very... ann arbor native (and albion and u-m grad) sarah mcnitt is, at the very... u-m to build fake downtown to test driverless cars u-m to build fake downtown to test driverless cars u-m to build fake downtown to test driverless cars u-m to build fake downtown to test driverless cars u-m to build fake downtown to test driverless cars does anyone know where i can find/use a device to transfer footage from ... looking for frat/house parties to play still no emails from ifc mass meeting why isn't there traffic lights at the cc little crosswalk? university of michigan reviewing weather policy after remaining open du... university of michigan reviewing weather policy after remaining open du... university of michigan reviewing weather policy after remaining open du... university of michigan reviewing weather policy after remaining open du... michigan pops jazz band looking for new players! aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aziz ansari on campus aramark selling 3-day-old pre-made sandwiches at the business school can someone explain to me the difference between work-study, and non-wor... 4 person suites north quad so, what's the deal with themed communities? doing research junior year is a rackham graduate degree the same whether you are at ann arbor or fl... admitted ea - strongly considering but need advice (econ students, halp!) michigan has hired alabama oc doug nussmeier! michigan has hired alabama oc doug nussmeier! michigan has hired alabama oc doug nussmeier! michigan has hired alabama oc doug nussmeier! michigan has hired alabama oc doug nussmeier! michigan has hired alabama oc doug nussmeier! michigan has hired alabama oc doug nussmeier! michigan has hired alabama oc doug nussmeier! bye bye, borges bye bye, borges bye bye, borges bye bye, borges bye bye, borges anyone in eecs 216? went for a casual ski downtown [x-post r/annarbor] went for a casual ski downtown [x-post r/annarbor] went for a casual ski downtown [x-post r/annarbor] al borges is fired! is anyone else having trouble with chrome and ctools? okay, what's the deal with the information school? okay, what's the deal with the information school? starting a long-term job in january how hard is it to find a someone to sublease to over the spring/summer s... thinking about getting a single in one of the dorms next year, which dor... how is polsci 160? a tough class? if we had school tomorrow, do you think we would've broken the stretch? if we had school tomorrow, do you think we would've broken the stretch? should of move off campus my junior year? is informatics here a good major? is informatics here a good major? pizza in ann arbor chances of getting off the waitlist? question about school of public health and sophas application. board games? board games? 105,000 in the big house watching the wings vs the leafs 105,000 in the big house watching the wings vs the leafs 105,000 in the big house watching the wings vs the leafs 105,000 in the big house watching the wings vs the leafs 105,000 in the big house watching the wings vs the leafs 105,000 in the big house watching the wings vs the leafs 105,000 in the big house watching the wings vs the leafs 105,000 in the big house watching the wings vs the leafs 105,000 in the big house watching the wings vs the leafs online classes visiting potential transfer student winter classic at michigan stadium makes history winter classic at michigan stadium makes history winter classic at michigan stadium makes history winter classic at michigan stadium makes history like beatboxing? singing? amazin' blue a cappella auditions! like beatboxing? singing? amazin' blue a cappella auditions! my wife got a custom from factory kitchen aid michigan mixer for christ... my wife got a custom from factory kitchen aid michigan mixer for christ... my wife got a custom from factory kitchen aid michigan mixer for christ... my wife got a custom from factory kitchen aid michigan mixer for christ... my wife got a custom from factory kitchen aid michigan mixer for christ... where should i buy single game student hockey tickets? so excited! so excited! so excited! so excited! so excited! student found dead at baits ii died from speedball (cocaine + heroin) o... student found dead at baits ii died from speedball (cocaine + heroin) o... student found dead at baits ii died from speedball (cocaine + heroin) o... undergraduate business student ram choi killed in car crash undergraduate business student ram choi killed in car crash financial aid payout admission question... just got accepted...what is the one piece of advice you would give to a... just got accepted...what is the one piece of advice you would give to a... constantly checking for your final grades? the upgraded michigan app wi... constantly checking for your final grades? the upgraded michigan app wi... constantly checking for your final grades? the upgraded michigan app wi... deferred- need advice is there any truth to the rumor that michigan sends "good" and "bad" def... m-card expiration and use past graduation m-card expiration and use past graduation [rant] if you can help it, never take a class with soloway "little victors" of c.s. mott children's hospital tell you how to have ... "little victors" of c.s. mott children's hospital tell you how to have ... "little victors" of c.s. mott children's hospital tell you how to have ... calling all hackers: it is time for an alternative to michigan hackers calling all hackers: it is time for an alternative to michigan hackers where to use photoshop? uofm dropout breaks world record - throws largest college hackathon eve... uofm dropout breaks world record - throws largest college hackathon eve... how much is a parking violation for parking in a blue lot? where's a good place to sell last semester's textbooks? best sledding hills in ann arbor? best sledding hills in ann arbor? best sledding hills in ann arbor? hey r/uofm! i made an iphone app for the bus system for checking bus ar... hey r/uofm! i made an iphone app for the bus system for checking bus ar... i solemnly swear i was up to no good i solemnly swear i was up to no good i solemnly swear i was up to no good i solemnly swear i was up to no good i solemnly swear i was up to no good i solemnly swear i was up to no good i solemnly swear i was up to no good i solemnly swear i was up to no good i solemnly swear i was up to no good bbb blinken bulbs are back bbb blinken bulbs are back help save blimpy burger! come over to north quad makerfest for fun (or for a study break). today... come over to north quad makerfest for fun (or for a study break). today... snowboarding club for all the out of state students: how are you paying for the tuition? s... how to make sure coach never lets you do another post game interview (r... how to make sure coach never lets you do another post game interview (r... how to make sure coach never lets you do another post game interview (r... how to make sure coach never lets you do another post game interview (r... how to make sure coach never lets you do another post game interview (r... anyone planning on dropping eecs280 (deorio/prakash sections) at any poi... this wolverine deserves some attention! mitchell field dirt storage? (x-post from f/annarbor) uofm mock evictions spur debate on campus so... about those male mlb bathroom stalls so... about those male mlb bathroom stalls pre-college uofm program experiences? hi guys, i don't register until tonight and i need to take econ 101 to g... i made this as a christmas gift for my boyfriend. (x-post from r/michigan) i made this as a christmas gift for my boyfriend. (x-post from r/michigan) i made this as a christmas gift for my boyfriend. (x-post from r/michigan) i made this as a christmas gift for my boyfriend. (x-post from r/michigan) i made this as a christmas gift for my boyfriend. (x-post from r/michigan) i made this as a christmas gift for my boyfriend. (x-post from r/michigan) i made this as a christmas gift for my boyfriend. (x-post from r/michigan) is it me, or does this mden deal seem not too great? homicide case of paul dewolf finally coming to a close difficulty of these courses devin gardner generated more than $8 million in free exposure to michigan devin gardner generated more than $8 million in free exposure to michigan devin gardner generated more than $8 million in free exposure to michigan [question:] is there a way to subscribe to mlibrary resources (e.g. data... taking a 100 level biology course and physics 240 together next semester missing person! male, early 40's, short red hair, 6ft, 235lbs, driving ... missing person! male, early 40's, short red hair, 6ft, 235lbs, driving ... missing person! male, early 40's, short red hair, 6ft, 235lbs, driving ... difficulty of these classes? michigan cubesat satellite launched december 5th is now up and running! michigan cubesat satellite launched december 5th is now up and running! michigan cubesat satellite launched december 5th is now up and running! any recommendations for donuts on or near campus? engineering student here, need some advice on music courses. where to post to find a roommate? hockey goalie needed! problem with transfer admission help! when did you submit your application, and when did your get decision bac... the big house is currently being prepared for the winter classic. here ... the big house is currently being prepared for the winter classic. here ... menna's joint restaurant coming to downtown ann arbor menna's joint restaurant coming to downtown ann arbor student section at comerica high-school suspension, effect on admissions? smash 64 challenge - $30 prize (x-post from /r/annarbor) smash 64 challenge - $30 prize (x-post from /r/annarbor) micro-computer workshop - duderstadt - friday 12pm academic troubles - what happens when the grades get too low? aerial (and ground) photos of michigan stadium and the surrounding area ... what drunk are you? dinosaur edition hoping to transfer uofm. thoughts? entitled girl complains on today show about her rejection from several ... entitled girl complains on today show about her rejection from several ... meyer won't suspend osu players ejected from fight. has anyone bought a semester pass for u-move fitness classes before? has anyone bought a semester pass for u-move fitness classes before? is anyone renting out a room for new years eve? i expect to see this photo on some headlines tomorrow. stay classy, osu i expect to see this photo on some headlines tomorrow. stay classy, osu i expect to see this photo on some headlines tomorrow. stay classy, osu i expect to see this photo on some headlines tomorrow. stay classy, osu i expect to see this photo on some headlines tomorrow. stay classy, osu i expect to see this photo on some headlines tomorrow. stay classy, osu i expect to see this photo on some headlines tomorrow. stay classy, osu i expect to see this photo on some headlines tomorrow. stay classy, osu i expect to see this photo on some headlines tomorrow. stay classy, osu i expect to see this photo on some headlines tomorrow. stay classy, osu facebook just doesn't get it. go blue! facebook just doesn't get it. go blue! facebook just doesn't get it. go blue! facebook just doesn't get it. go blue! facebook just doesn't get it. go blue! facebook just doesn't get it. go blue! michigan vs. osu football fight michigan vs. osu football fight who to root for in the b1g championship game? anyone looking for google glass? anyone looking for google glass? need somewhere to go for thanksgiving? need somewhere to go for thanksgiving? need somewhere to go for thanksgiving? need somewhere to go for thanksgiving? need somewhere to go for thanksgiving? need somewhere to go for thanksgiving? need somewhere to go for thanksgiving? looking for a michigan v. ohio state ticket? there's more than 6,000 st... looking for a michigan v. ohio state ticket? there's more than 6,000 st... looking for a michigan v. ohio state ticket? there's more than 6,000 st... u-m police crime alert #2013-20 -- peeping tom reported twice in northwo... annual ohio state week graveyard walk is tuesday at 6pm. meet at burton... annual ohio state week graveyard walk is tuesday at 6pm. meet at burton... ohio state crowd quiets down as marching band forms pentagram | the onion ohio state crowd quiets down as marching band forms pentagram | the onion ohio state crowd quiets down as marching band forms pentagram | the onion ohio state crowd quiets down as marching band forms pentagram | the onion ohio state crowd quiets down as marching band forms pentagram | the onion it is officially 'ohio week.' let's go blue! it is officially 'ohio week.' let's go blue! that time of year -- recommend me a 3-4 credit humanity? i'm a michigan alumnus and my office is two blocks from buckeye stadium... i'm a michigan alumnus and my office is two blocks from buckeye stadium... i'm a michigan alumnus and my office is two blocks from buckeye stadium... i'm a michigan alumnus and my office is two blocks from buckeye stadium... i'm a michigan alumnus and my office is two blocks from buckeye stadium... i'm a michigan alumnus and my office is two blocks from buckeye stadium... i'm a michigan alumnus and my office is two blocks from buckeye stadium... i'm a michigan alumnus and my office is two blocks from buckeye stadium... i'm a michigan alumnus and my office is two blocks from buckeye stadium... ann arbor raised musician andrew wk is giving a talk at the law school ... ann arbor raised musician andrew wk is giving a talk at the law school ... classes for a math minor mary sue coleman vs dory michigan basketball &amp; steve-o michigan basketball &amp; steve-o michigan basketball &amp; steve-o michigan basketball &amp; steve-o michigan basketball &amp; steve-o michigan basketball &amp; steve-o i got in, and now...? i got in, and now...? #bbum #bbum michigan daily-"is an engineering education disconnected from reality?" michigan daily-"is an engineering education disconnected from reality?" american history x showing &amp; racism/masculinity discussion tonight! ... transfer class availability friend of mine's professor had their car broken into. just look at what... friend of mine's professor had their car broken into. just look at what... friend of mine's professor had their car broken into. just look at what... friend of mine's professor had their car broken into. just look at what... friend of mine's professor had their car broken into. just look at what... friend of mine's professor had their car broken into. just look at what... friend of mine's professor had their car broken into. just look at what... friend of mine's professor had their car broken into. just look at what... student found dead at baits ii student found dead at baits ii student found dead at baits ii student found dead at baits ii student found dead at baits ii incase you missed it yesterday, gibbon's last second field goal incase you missed it yesterday, gibbon's last second field goal incase you missed it yesterday, gibbon's last second field goal incase you missed it yesterday, gibbon's last second field goal incase you missed it yesterday, gibbon's last second field goal incase you missed it yesterday, gibbon's last second field goal incase you missed it yesterday, gibbon's last second field goal buckle up, everyone. buckle up, everyone. buckle up, everyone. does anyone know the story behind the green carpet in the university's l... board game night @ arbor brewing tap room this wednesday! (18+) r/annarb... any suggestions for intellectual breadth classes? what was your favorite class at michigan? what was your favorite class at michigan? what was your favorite class at michigan? rescinding admission? need date ideas around campus that don't necessarily involve getting food? need date ideas around campus that don't necessarily involve getting food? need date ideas around campus that don't necessarily involve getting food? students from across campus share their vision for the future of health ... eecs 481 junior year? there are still over 1000 appointment slots for blood battle! free t-sh... there are still over 1000 appointment slots for blood battle! free t-sh... need to solder my broken headphones, does anyone know where i can do thi... nonstudents validating student basketball tickets. trying to remember a subreddit alexis ohanian mentioned at his talk... h... confirmed: luke stevens has been found and is safe in the hospital confirmed: luke stevens has been found and is safe in the hospital confirmed: luke stevens has been found and is safe in the hospital engineering student missing! if you have info, please let me know. engineering student missing! if you have info, please let me know. engineering student missing! if you have info, please let me know. engineering student missing! if you have info, please let me know. engineering student missing! if you have info, please let me know. engineering student missing! if you have info, please let me know. 'pearls before swine' comic today 'pearls before swine' comic today 'pearls before swine' comic today 'pearls before swine' comic today 'pearls before swine' comic today 'pearls before swine' comic today 'pearls before swine' comic today 'pearls before swine' comic today 'pearls before swine' comic today luke stevens, michigan engineering student missing luke stevens, michigan engineering student missing luke stevens, michigan engineering student missing mary sue at halftime saturday mary sue at halftime saturday mary sue coleman at halftime mary sue coleman at halftime mary sue coleman at halftime mary sue coleman at halftime mary sue coleman at halftime $550 quaint room available for winter 2014 (downtown ann arbor) admissions, what should i know? are there any web development courses offered at um or nearby? anyone want to play minecraft? for anyone who's taken eastern european cinema or is familiar with dr. ... for anyone who's taken eastern european cinema or is familiar with dr. ... help finishing my umich bucket list? help finishing my umich bucket list? anybody travelling to europe soon? an in-depth history of rick's an in-depth history of rick's anyone from the human-computer interaction program from the school of in... open mic night at the btb cantina open mic night at the btb cantina results of csg's student football ticket policy survey results of csg's student football ticket policy survey spotted at nichols arboretum (x-post from r/autumnporn) spotted at nichols arboretum (x-post from r/autumnporn) spotted at nichols arboretum (x-post from r/autumnporn) boxing clubs near campus that are easy to get to without a car? bcn student looking for great upper-level psych courses two stabbed near sigma alpha epsilon house, suspect in custody two stabbed near sigma alpha epsilon house, suspect in custody two stabbed near sigma alpha epsilon house, suspect in custody two stabbed near sigma alpha epsilon house, suspect in custody circle k at u of m is holding a day of community service. you should sig... theta xi's response to 'hood ratchet thursday' outcry theta xi's response to 'hood ratchet thursday' outcry theta xi's response to 'hood ratchet thursday' outcry theta xi's response to 'hood ratchet thursday' outcry uofm fraternity planned racist party uofm fraternity planned racist party uofm fraternity planned racist party uofm fraternity planned racist party uofm fraternity planned racist party uofm fraternity planned racist party 'modern board game' night @ arbor brewing november 20th (details inside)... looking for housing for the winter? michigan vs michigan state: breaking down the rivalry every three weekly: local church marketing campaign to involve even mor... every three weekly: local church marketing campaign to involve even mor... every three weekly: local church marketing campaign to involve even mor... every three weekly: local church marketing campaign to involve even mor... looking for extras for a um video michigan ranked 12 in the world by times higher education. michigan ranked 12 in the world by times higher education. michigan ranked 12 in the world by times higher education. michigan ranked 12 in the world by times higher education. michigan ranked 12 in the world by times higher education. vote uofm for the hunger games screening! vote uofm for the hunger games screening! hockey tickets, looking to trade, buy, or sell for this weekend! blood battle starts on monday! make an appointment! blood battle starts on monday! make an appointment! blood battle starts on monday! make an appointment! least favorite on- or near-campus restaurants/hangouts? calling all wolverines! there is a contest to get an early screening of ... as soon as i saw her drunk face on tv, i knew i had a halloween costume... as soon as i saw her drunk face on tv, i knew i had a halloween costume... as soon as i saw her drunk face on tv, i knew i had a halloween costume... as soon as i saw her drunk face on tv, i knew i had a halloween costume... as soon as i saw her drunk face on tv, i knew i had a halloween costume... as soon as i saw her drunk face on tv, i knew i had a halloween costume... as soon as i saw her drunk face on tv, i knew i had a halloween costume... as soon as i saw her drunk face on tv, i knew i had a halloween costume... what club/student organization was out on the diag with whiteboards today? carving pumpkins today brought back some great memories carving pumpkins today brought back some great memories carving pumpkins today brought back some great memories michigan townies vs. student dr. dog at the majestic theater! would someone be so kind as to explain the off-campus housing situation ... where are your favorite places to eat within walking distance from campus? where are your favorite places to eat within walking distance from campus? where are your favorite places to eat within walking distance from campus? posted on r/colorization by nickamato posted on r/colorization by nickamato posted on r/colorization by nickamato posted on r/colorization by nickamato calling all hula hoopers! michigan meetup in ann arbor (x-post /r/hoopin... flyering flyering flyering flyering flyering flyering michigand daily viewpoint: ending a discriminatory blood policy why michigan? if every big ten school were a parks and rec character if every big ten school were a parks and rec character if every big ten school were a parks and rec character if every big ten school were a parks and rec character startup academy by mpowered alexis in ann arbor! alexis in ann arbor! til the 1969 rumor that paul mccartney was dead originated here at the ... til the 1969 rumor that paul mccartney was dead originated here at the ... til the 1969 rumor that paul mccartney was dead originated here at the ... til the 1969 rumor that paul mccartney was dead originated here at the ... alexis ohanian comes to umich! alexis ohanian comes to umich! alexis ohanian comes to umich! alexis ohanian comes to umich! alexis ohanian comes to umich! burton tower on a rainy day (iphone shot from 6th dennison) burton tower on a rainy day (iphone shot from 6th dennison) burton tower on a rainy day (iphone shot from 6th dennison) if anyone (like me sadly) missed out on seeing alexis ohanian at u of m,... music stores near campus? reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... reddit cofounder here, literally, in ann arbor, excited to meet you al... met alexis today, asked him to look miserable. here's the reddit epic tour bus in ann arbor, near barracuda networks o... here's the reddit epic tour bus in ann arbor, near barracuda networks o... here's the reddit epic tour bus in ann arbor, near barracuda networks o... here's the reddit epic tour bus in ann arbor, near barracuda networks o... my favorite pic i got of /u/kn0thing (alexis ohanian, co-founder of redd... request for pictures of blue bus stops for new magic bus app request for pictures of blue bus stops for new magic bus app left my notebook with alexis' autograph over my physics notes in north q... gay at michigan? it's here! looks like gallon's in a decent mood looks like gallon's in a decent mood looks like gallon's in a decent mood looks like gallon's in a decent mood looks like gallon's in a decent mood looks like gallon's in a decent mood looks like gallon's in a decent mood hardware hacking cant believe that this is a thing. [nsfw] fall break: expectations vs. reality anyone else see this today? anyone else see this today? anyone else see this today? anyone else see this today? anyone else see this today? anyone else see this today? u of m to host slippery rock football game at michigan stadium october ... u of m to host slippery rock football game at michigan stadium october ... u of m to host slippery rock football game at michigan stadium october ... u of m to host slippery rock football game at michigan stadium october ... u of m to host slippery rock football game at michigan stadium october ... u of m to host slippery rock football game at michigan stadium october ... u of m to host slippery rock football game at michigan stadium october ... u of m to host slippery rock football game at michigan stadium october ... jeremy gallon sets new michigan receiving record and devin gardner sets... jeremy gallon sets new michigan receiving record and devin gardner sets... jeremy gallon sets new michigan receiving record and devin gardner sets... jeremy gallon sets new michigan receiving record and devin gardner sets... jeremy gallon sets new michigan receiving record and devin gardner sets... jeremy gallon sets new michigan receiving record and devin gardner sets... how much does it cost to validate an osu student ticket? can someone please find a gif of funchess' insane leap? is it possible to not have to leave your dorm during winter break? razer education discount if you live in a co-op, or ever had, where and why? did you like it or ... if you live in a co-op, or ever had, where and why? did you like it or ... recommendations for taking my dad to the ohio state game? damn you, mwireless damn you, mwireless damn you, mwireless does the school ever do intramural ultimate? good places to sleep on campus if you're locked out of your apartment f... good places to sleep on campus if you're locked out of your apartment f... where does everyone get their fakes from? what's greek life like at michigan? what's greek life like at michigan? question to mba students difference between computer science in the college of engineering and in... btb stand up comedy! i've made a huge mistake.... i've made a huge mistake.... i've made a huge mistake.... i've made a huge mistake.... i've made a huge mistake.... i've made a huge mistake.... i've made a huge mistake.... questions (mainly) about coe from a potential student from a penn stater from a penn stater from a penn stater from a penn stater from a penn stater from a penn stater from a penn stater from a penn stater from a penn stater from a penn stater waste of a season ask the co-founder of reddit anything! ask the co-founder of reddit anything! ask the co-founder of reddit anything! ask the co-founder of reddit anything! is anyone doing groundbreaking research/work in the field of science!? w... any fellow students interested in playing dnd? any fellow students interested in playing dnd? /u/aesthetikx represents uofm north campus on /r/autumnporn dining halls, please get your shit together dining halls, please get your shit together dining halls, please get your shit together dining halls, please get your shit together dining halls, please get your shit together dining halls, please get your shit together amazing goal from michigan soccer player [x-post from r/videos] amazing goal from michigan soccer player [x-post from r/videos] amazing goal from michigan soccer player [x-post from r/videos] amazing goal from michigan soccer player [x-post from r/videos] looking for someone to take over nw 3 contract got: t is for turtle carpool to penn state! for those unhappy with the ga policy... for those unhappy with the ga policy... subreddit flair i look forward to these guys every year i look forward to these guys every year i look forward to these guys every year i look forward to these guys every year i look forward to these guys every year i look forward to these guys every year i look forward to these guys every year i look forward to these guys every year prospective student looking for insight chem 453 - anyone? the michigan difference the michigan difference the michigan difference the michigan difference the michigan difference the michigan difference the michigan difference the michigan difference the michigan difference the michigan difference has anyone ever been caught breaking into the big house? what happened? has anyone ever been caught breaking into the big house? what happened? increase my chances of being a ca/ra? anyone ever dealt with umich's branding when trying to do something for ... when it comes to protecting vulnerable, athletic department has its head... hilarious opinion on the new michigan shuttles going to detroit tonight at live (downtown a2): 4 bands are playing: cbj, bumpin uglies, ... reddit comes to uofm! reddit comes to uofm! reddit comes to uofm! reddit comes to uofm! where to poop on campus? where to poop on campus? where to poop on campus? where to poop on campus? where to poop on campus? krewella oct 19. honor code violation honor code violation honor code violation those new m-buses just don't handle like they used to... those new m-buses just don't handle like they used to... those new m-buses just don't handle like they used to... those new m-buses just don't handle like they used to... those new m-buses just don't handle like they used to... those new m-buses just don't handle like they used to... those new m-buses just don't handle like they used to... those new m-buses just don't handle like they used to... we out: the totalitarianism of the michigan athletic department we out: the totalitarianism of the michigan athletic department we out: the totalitarianism of the michigan athletic department we out: the totalitarianism of the michigan athletic department what liquor store has the best prices in the downtown area? new horror org - little group of horror suggestions for clubs i could join? [game thread] @ connecticut (8pm edt) [game thread] @ connecticut (8pm edt) anyone play tennis on the hill and want to hit regularly? i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i live in ohio. this happened to me last week at my high school. i finally did my hoarding some justice, and i couldn't be more pleased! i finally did my hoarding some justice, and i couldn't be more pleased! i finally did my hoarding some justice, and i couldn't be more pleased! i finally did my hoarding some justice, and i couldn't be more pleased! i finally did my hoarding some justice, and i couldn't be more pleased! i finally did my hoarding some justice, and i couldn't be more pleased! i finally did my hoarding some justice, and i couldn't be more pleased! does anybody know why it smelled like musky old seashells on the diag t... does anybody know why it smelled like musky old seashells on the diag t... does anybody know why it smelled like musky old seashells on the diag t... university of michigan opened up a connector to detroit on the weekends... university of michigan opened up a connector to detroit on the weekends... university of michigan opened up a connector to detroit on the weekends... university of michigan opened up a connector to detroit on the weekends... university of michigan opened up a connector to detroit on the weekends... university of michigan opened up a connector to detroit on the weekends... visiting michigan...north vs central campus visit? michigan state alumnus raising money for michigan ovarian cancer allianc... one step closer... because changing student ticket policies for one sport wasn't enough. because changing student ticket policies for one sport wasn't enough. because changing student ticket policies for one sport wasn't enough. where's waldo? where's waldo? where's waldo? buying basketball tickets from other students? math 463 voice your opinion and vote, should we change our current "split m" to ... voice your opinion and vote, should we change our current "split m" to ... voice your opinion and vote, should we change our current "split m" to ... voice your opinion and vote, should we change our current "split m" to ... voice your opinion and vote, should we change our current "split m" to ... miss america is a wolverine! miss america is a wolverine! miss america is a wolverine! miss america is a wolverine! bo schembechler's "the team" football promo bo schembechler's "the team" football promo life-changing, "must take before you graduate" um classes? life-changing, "must take before you graduate" um classes? apparently this has appeared above my friend's dorm in east lansing. apparently this has appeared above my friend's dorm in east lansing. apparently this has appeared above my friend's dorm in east lansing. apparently this has appeared above my friend's dorm in east lansing. apparently this has appeared above my friend's dorm in east lansing. apparently this has appeared above my friend's dorm in east lansing. apparently this has appeared above my friend's dorm in east lansing. apparently this has appeared above my friend's dorm in east lansing. apparently this has appeared above my friend's dorm in east lansing. apparently this has appeared above my friend's dorm in east lansing. apparently this has appeared above my friend's dorm in east lansing. live stream the game bassist looking for band el pres and big cat from barstoolsports at michigan/nd weekend michigan students: what is something that can or needs to be improved o... michigan students: what is something that can or needs to be improved o... mods: can you update the "striped m" to the "block m" since that's the ... mods: can you update the "striped m" to the "block m" since that's the ... mods: can you update the "striped m" to the "block m" since that's the ... mods: can you update the "striped m" to the "block m" since that's the ... notre dame fan loses bet notre dame fan loses bet notre dame fan loses bet notre dame fan loses bet notre dame fan loses bet notre dame fan loses bet clubs at michigan still a few lurking questions as a freshman after the first few weeks... looking for free parking near the a&amp;a building on north campus. drummer in ann arbor jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block jehu chesson's block missing: badass garden gnome w/ax this needs to be seen by anyone going to games at the big house. this needs to be seen by anyone going to games at the big house. this needs to be seen by anyone going to games at the big house. this needs to be seen by anyone going to games at the big house. this needs to be seen by anyone going to games at the big house. local big ten review: chicken or not, notre dame is now stuck with road ... this true wolverine was cool enough to pose for a pic at espn game day o... michigan vs notre dame...and eminem!? (taiwan news animators) michigan vs notre dame...and eminem!? (taiwan news animators) michigan vs notre dame...and eminem!? (taiwan news animators) michigan vs notre dame...and eminem!? (taiwan news animators) david "the admiral" robinson, just another sad domer from saturday night. does anyone know where i can get this? mmb's beyonce show...epic mmb's beyonce show...epic mmb's beyonce show...epic mmb's beyonce show...epic why does everyone at the big house cheer for slippery rock when their s... why does everyone at the big house cheer for slippery rock when their s... why does everyone at the big house cheer for slippery rock when their s... as if anything more needed to be said... go blue!!! as if anything more needed to be said... go blue!!! outside of alice lloyd outside of alice lloyd outside of alice lloyd outside of alice lloyd outside of alice lloyd outside of alice lloyd outside of alice lloyd outside of alice lloyd in case you weren't excited enough for tonight [hiring] well connected university of michigan student as a yoga pants s... who else is in line? #beatnd #beatnd #beatnd #beatnd #beatnd #beatnd #beatnd fixed: as a great series nears its end, a story about how michigan taugh... first ever quints born at u of m have perfect hats just a canuck at a tailgate "to hell with notre dame"- bo schembechler "to hell with notre dame"- bo schembechler "to hell with notre dame"- bo schembechler "to hell with notre dame"- bo schembechler "to hell with notre dame"- bo schembechler "to hell with notre dame"- bo schembechler "to hell with notre dame"- bo schembechler "to hell with notre dame"- bo schembechler photo from under the lights i launched a college housing website at the university of michigan with o... launched a college housing website at the university of michigan with o... launched a college housing website at the university of michigan with o... anyone driving to laneway music festival? (x-post from r/annarbor) general admission best ways to copy/fake an mcard? alexis ohanian is hopefully gonna come kick it at with us at michigan? alexis ohanian is hopefully gonna come kick it at with us at michigan? alexis ohanian is hopefully gonna come kick it at with us at michigan? stephen ross to give $200 million in largest-ever donation to university stephen ross to give $200 million in largest-ever donation to university stephen ross to give $200 million in largest-ever donation to university stephen ross to give $200 million in largest-ever donation to university stephen ross to give $200 million in largest-ever donation to university when are you supposed to ask professors for letters of recommendation? the michigan marching band's "james bond" halftime performance the michigan marching band's "james bond" halftime performance the michigan marching band's "james bond" halftime performance the michigan marching band's "james bond" halftime performance the michigan marching band's "james bond" halftime performance the michigan marching band's "james bond" halftime performance the michigan marching band's "james bond" halftime performance the michigan marching band's "james bond" halftime performance michigan marching band presents: james bond [repost for incoming freshmen] searchable campus map, for desktop and m... [repost for incoming freshmen] searchable campus map, for desktop and m... looking for digital textbooks i really don't like it here.... is that weird? i really don't like it here.... is that weird? go blue from fort carson, co! go blue from fort carson, co! go blue from fort carson, co! go blue from fort carson, co! go blue from fort carson, co! go blue from fort carson, co! additional resources to find information about my grandfather - 1948, 19... need advice; i've been told to drop the semester. please help!! 7 people found trespassing in michigan stadium with alcohol and marijuana what time does the band step off before the game tomorrow? looking for parking space go blue! stadium photo for saturday go blue! stadium photo for saturday go blue! stadium photo for saturday go blue! stadium photo for saturday hello reddit wolverines what are some family friendly events going on du... comcast vs at&amp;t is new student convocation actually mandatory? high school student seeking help with solar car um student killed while crossing i-94; be careful out there, especially... um student killed while crossing i-94; be careful out there, especially... um student killed while crossing i-94; be careful out there, especially... cali style reggae band from area needed late sept. grocery shopping in northwood finding syllabi? psa: deter theft and help recover stolen property. register your laptop... psa: deter theft and help recover stolen property. register your laptop... my friend's tandem bike was stolen off our porch on vaughn about a week... my friend's tandem bike was stolen off our porch on vaughn about a week... my friend's tandem bike was stolen off our porch on vaughn about a week... places to watch the football game desperate attempt: anyone have any sublets open for fall semester? anyone want to do something the next few days on north campus? so i just moved in today, decided to check internet speeds tom brady spoke to the michigan football team this morning. tom brady spoke to the michigan football team this morning. alright michigan fans, i need some advice. tickets for the cmu @ u of m ... this is absolutely disgusting. how have they done nothing about this? former high school fuck up with a few bumps in the road during college, ... an open letter to michigan freshmen an open letter to michigan freshmen an open letter to michigan freshmen searchable campus map for android new subreddit for students: /r/uofmhousing what's the best way to look for housing? razer education discount former ross student and investment banking intern moritz erhardt found ... former ross student and investment banking intern moritz erhardt found ... former ross student and investment banking intern moritz erhardt found ... if anyone has these books, i'll buy them! greek life furniture in a small room? does anyone need a cmu ticket? anyone want to practice aikido? anyone know if you can use watchespn with michigan's cable service? question about the co-op houses question about the co-op houses rushing question um study shows high electrical activity in the brain after clinical death robinson+henne+kovacs robinson+henne+kovacs robinson+henne+kovacs robinson+henne+kovacs robinson+henne+kovacs robinson+henne+kovacs robinson+henne+kovacs the fight song made in minecraft the fight song made in minecraft the fight song made in minecraft the fight song made in minecraft fall housing needed (4 month) sharita williams, u-m student who was hit on plymouth road wednesday, d... sharita williams, u-m student who was hit on plymouth road wednesday, d... sharita williams, u-m student who was hit on plymouth road wednesday, d... sharita williams, u-m student who was hit on plymouth road wednesday, d... memorial fund for sharita williams, the uofm student who was killed in a... swimming and picnic-ing in aa? looking for a pair of tickets for the notre dame game my stomach hit the floor when i saw this craigslist posting.. my stomach hit the floor when i saw this craigslist posting.. my stomach hit the floor when i saw this craigslist posting.. my stomach hit the floor when i saw this craigslist posting.. my stomach hit the floor when i saw this craigslist posting.. best way to experience a wolverines football game when coming from canada. best way to experience a wolverines football game when coming from canada. cafe/bar suggestions for visitor? alright, some more comedy from the freshman page. alright, some more comedy from the freshman page. alright, some more comedy from the freshman page. alright, some more comedy from the freshman page. alright, some more comedy from the freshman page. data storage: which drive is permanent for grads? working out on north campus wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf who can have a sitemaker page? mhacks returns this fall. largest college hackathon to take over the bi... mhacks returns this fall. largest college hackathon to take over the bi... musicians: what orchestra is the easiest to get into as a rusty violinist? main street fire (this morning). say goodbye to that new car smell.. main street fire (this morning). say goodbye to that new car smell.. main street fire (this morning). say goodbye to that new car smell.. team 134 season trailer police release photo of potential witness in u-m medical student's death police release photo of potential witness in u-m medical student's death the new michigan football student guide is here... the new michigan football student guide is here... temporary housing options in ann arbor? nebraska @ michigan 11/09/13: any tips for a visiting nebraskan? not my best work but it works for now. can't wait for football season! not my best work but it works for now. can't wait for football season! not my best work but it works for now. can't wait for football season! not my best work but it works for now. can't wait for football season! not my best work but it works for now. can't wait for football season! not my best work but it works for now. can't wait for football season! not my best work but it works for now. can't wait for football season! not my best work but it works for now. can't wait for football season! not my best work but it works for now. can't wait for football season! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! natalie emcard got a job with kellogg's. congrats, nat! why should i want to be a wolverine? best place to take a shit on campus. best place to take a shit on campus. best place to take a shit on campus. best place to take a shit on campus. best place to take a shit on campus. anyone looking to sublet a room winter term of next year? uofm med student death being investigated as a homicide. uofm med student death being investigated as a homicide. anyone around ann arbor willing to offer tennis lessons to a beginner? hoke comes through for cancer patient who beat "michigan" hoke comes through for cancer patient who beat "michigan" hoke comes through for cancer patient who beat "michigan" hoke comes through for cancer patient who beat "michigan" considering transferring, please help. college attendance of startup founders who have successfully raised ven... college attendance of startup founders who have successfully raised ven... college attendance of startup founders who have successfully raised ven... a beautiful .gif from mgoblog a beautiful .gif from mgoblog a beautiful .gif from mgoblog a beautiful .gif from mgoblog a beautiful .gif from mgoblog a beautiful .gif from mgoblog a beautiful .gif from mgoblog university of michigan approves in-state tuition for military, unauthor... university of michigan approves in-state tuition for military, unauthor... university of michigan approves in-state tuition for military, unauthor... anyone willing to create an app for blood battle? housing and transportation questions was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! was walking through the diag when suddenly...'merica! i'm shmacked the movie (u of m, and many other colleges) hey wolverines! i made a funny online video about what its like being a ... michigan signs john beilein to extension through 2018-19 michigan signs john beilein to extension through 2018-19 michigan signs john beilein to extension through 2018-19 michigan signs john beilein to extension through 2018-19 michigan signs john beilein to extension through 2018-19 this wednesday-saturday this wednesday-saturday this wednesday-saturday this wednesday-saturday this wednesday-saturday this wednesday-saturday found pigeon friday 7/12/13 found pigeon friday 7/12/13 darkrooms for students truth, justice, and the american way with... u of m wins a national championship in mechanical engineering. u of m s... u of m wins a national championship in mechanical engineering. u of m s... u of m wins a national championship in mechanical engineering. u of m s... u of m wins a national championship in mechanical engineering. u of m s... u of m wins a national championship in mechanical engineering. u of m s... u of m wins a national championship in mechanical engineering. u of m s... u of m wins a national championship in mechanical engineering. u of m s... u of m wins a national championship in mechanical engineering. u of m s... hail! hail! hail! hail! best haircut destinations what is it like living in mosher jordan (mojo) hall as a freshman? fireworks show near campus? restore the fourth protest in ann arbor restore the fourth protest in ann arbor restore the fourth protest in ann arbor gif of the block m drawn with sparklers gif of the block m drawn with sparklers gif of the block m drawn with sparklers vpn usage on campus? how do i decrypt my transcript? opportunities to donate blood on campus this summer! west quad pros and cons there is a leak in the roof of the chem atrium. it did not handle today... there is a leak in the roof of the chem atrium. it did not handle today... there is a leak in the roof of the chem atrium. it did not handle today... there is a leak in the roof of the chem atrium. it did not handle today... it's a long shot but... lost wallet? [x-post /r/annarbor] it's a long shot but... lost wallet? [x-post /r/annarbor] if you retake a failed class, what happens to gpa (college of engineering) we just launched 1000tools, a peer-2-peer tool rental website started ou... should i take physics 240? is it worth it taking technical courses elsewhere without transferring t... assigned to live in mary markley next fall... pros/cons? anywhere on campus to bbq? basketball season tickets - worth it or not? basketball season tickets - worth it or not? free access to science magazine! the most academically and athletically dominant colleges in america. gu... the most academically and athletically dominant colleges in america. gu... the most academically and athletically dominant colleges in america. gu... the most academically and athletically dominant colleges in america. gu... the most academically and athletically dominant colleges in america. gu... the most academically and athletically dominant colleges in america. gu... first thing i did in animal crossing: new leaf! first thing i did in animal crossing: new leaf! first thing i did in animal crossing: new leaf! first thing i did in animal crossing: new leaf! first thing i did in animal crossing: new leaf! first thing i did in animal crossing: new leaf! still time left to give um feedback--and help squash ut, uva, and unc wh... anyone in town over for the summer semester want to put together an im s... a look into the recruiting philosophies of john beilein and the basketba... sister coming to uofm wants to go to "smart places" cross campus transfer question question from a newbie about scheduling classes grad student looking for housing - where to look? am i too late? restore the fourth protest: ann arbor (xpost from /r/annarbor) restore the fourth protest: ann arbor (xpost from /r/annarbor) restore the fourth protest: ann arbor (xpost from /r/annarbor) i'm a highschooler who will be visiting the university this summer.. wha... help needed help needed welcome to the big house - attendance 114,801 welcome to the big house - attendance 114,801 michigan football coaching staff hosts 'fantasy camp' for grown men-- p... michigan football coaching staff hosts 'fantasy camp' for grown men-- p... michigan football coaching staff hosts 'fantasy camp' for grown men-- p... between classes, the beautiful walkways on north campus offer valuable m... does um publish course instructor evaluations/scores? ohio president stepping down after making a string of offensive comments ohio president stepping down after making a string of offensive comments i made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? i made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? i made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? i made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? i made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? i made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? i made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? i made a searchable campus map. thoughts? feedback? medical question x-post from /r/annarbor, vote for the best local burger university of michigan fraternity party: 1949 university of michigan fraternity party: 1949 university of michigan fraternity party: 1949 university of michigan fraternity party: 1949 university of michigan fraternity party: 1949 university of michigan fraternity party: 1949 how helpful.... how helpful.... how helpful.... how helpful.... how helpful.... north campus internet speed on memorial day. glorious. north campus internet speed on memorial day. glorious. north campus internet speed on memorial day. glorious. north campus internet speed on memorial day. glorious. north campus internet speed on memorial day. glorious. north campus internet speed on memorial day. glorious. north campus internet speed on memorial day. glorious. north campus internet speed on memorial day. glorious. north campus internet speed on memorial day. glorious. jabrill peppers, the #2 recruit rated by espn, just committed to michigan. jabrill peppers, the #2 recruit rated by espn, just committed to michigan. jabrill peppers, the #2 recruit rated by espn, just committed to michigan. jabrill peppers, the #2 recruit rated by espn, just committed to michigan. jabrill peppers, the #2 recruit rated by espn, just committed to michigan. jabrill peppers, the #2 recruit rated by espn, just committed to michigan. jabrill peppers, the #2 recruit rated by espn, just committed to michigan. michigan softball wins super regional over louisiana-lafayette to advan... michigan softball wins super regional over louisiana-lafayette to advan... michigan softball wins super regional over louisiana-lafayette to advan... michigan softball wins super regional over louisiana-lafayette to advan... looks like 2 michigan students are being charged with possessing molotov... said no one ever...(x-post from r/funny) said no one ever...(x-post from r/funny) said no one ever...(x-post from r/funny) said no one ever...(x-post from r/funny) said no one ever...(x-post from r/funny) said no one ever...(x-post from r/funny) said no one ever...(x-post from r/funny) said no one ever...(x-post from r/funny) does anyone have the projects for eecs 280? browser check - what version of internet explorer is on campus? i'm doing a study on utility payments in ann arbor. any data that you c... i'm doing a study on utility payments in ann arbor. any data that you c... michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan's footballs. they're not made in ohio. michigan softball just went undefeated in the regional and will host a ... michigan softball just went undefeated in the regional and will host a ... michigan softball just went undefeated in the regional and will host a ... university of michigan filmmakers need your help university of michigan filmmakers need your help university of michigan filmmakers need your help what would you guys do if michigan lost to appalachian state again this ... i miss michigan hockey i miss michigan hockey i miss michigan hockey i miss michigan hockey i miss michigan hockey 2014 home football schedule: appalachian state, miami (oh), utah, minne... 2014 home football schedule: appalachian state, miami (oh), utah, minne... ann arbor by night ann arbor by night ann arbor by night ann arbor by night ann arbor by night ann arbor by night ann arbor by night ann arbor by night do you have a math 105 syllabus? notre dame chickened out of rivalry game, says brady hoke notre dame chickened out of rivalry game, says brady hoke notre dame chickened out of rivalry game, says brady hoke notre dame chickened out of rivalry game, says brady hoke larky locates deals for students spending the summer in ann arbor. spending the summer in ann arbor. uofm grad michelle chamuel to the finals of nbc's the voice! uofm grad michelle chamuel to the finals of nbc's the voice! uofm grad michelle chamuel to the finals of nbc's the voice! any opinions on mlc's, more specifically mcsp? advice for a summer research student reigning big ten punter of the year, will hagerup, to miss 2013 season michigan softball won the big ten title for the 6th straight year! michigan softball won the big ten title for the 6th straight year! michigan softball won the big ten title for the 6th straight year! michigan softball won the big ten title for the 6th straight year! michigan softball won the big ten title for the 6th straight year! michigan softball won the big ten title for the 6th straight year! michigan softball won the big ten title for the 6th straight year! eecs 270 local indie rock band teenage octopus releases new album "the mustachioe... dick costolo's commencement speech dick costolo's commencement speech dick costolo's commencement speech dick costolo's commencement speech dick costolo's commencement speech getting reviewed for an honor code violation (eecs) campus life during spring/summer semester need some help moving stuff! need some help moving stuff! students aren't leaving michigan football, it's leaving them students aren't leaving michigan football, it's leaving them students aren't leaving michigan football, it's leaving them students aren't leaving michigan football, it's leaving them students aren't leaving michigan football, it's leaving them students aren't leaving michigan football, it's leaving them celebrating graduation on the diag buy your football tickets now! question for past graduates skee-lo - i wish (official video) - nice michigan bball jersey in there. one of the really beautiful places in detroit destroyed... so[]v[]ething's missing on the diag so[]v[]ething's missing on the diag so[]v[]ething's missing on the diag so[]v[]ething's missing on the diag so[]v[]ething's missing on the diag cheapest cab to dtw? northwood housing forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. forever and always. any current students want to help out a few incoming freshman students? the m block: denard falls in draft, how will other wolverines fare in th... denard wasn't the only one excited... denard wasn't the only one excited... denard wasn't the only one excited... denard wasn't the only one excited... denard wasn't the only one excited... denard wasn't the only one excited... i am looking for summer housing denard robinson drafted by jacksonville in the 5th round! denard robinson drafted by jacksonville in the 5th round! denard robinson drafted by jacksonville in the 5th round! denard robinson drafted by jacksonville in the 5th round! denard robinson drafted by jacksonville in the 5th round! i'm sure you're sick of housing spam, but is anyone still looking for a ... well at least someone is excited about him going to jacksonville transferring in from flint? low ioe gpa nba star stephen curry challenges nik stauskas to 3-point contest after... nba star stephen curry challenges nik stauskas to 3-point contest after... nba star stephen curry challenges nik stauskas to 3-point contest after... nba star stephen curry challenges nik stauskas to 3-point contest after... video explaining where the money for the university comes from, and whe... video explaining where the money for the university comes from, and whe... video explaining where the money for the university comes from, and whe... in the rain nik stauskas shoots 92% (70/76) and 46 in a row in 5 minutes. in the rain nik stauskas shoots 92% (70/76) and 46 in a row in 5 minutes. in the rain nik stauskas shoots 92% (70/76) and 46 in a row in 5 minutes. in the rain nik stauskas shoots 92% (70/76) and 46 in a row in 5 minutes. in the rain nik stauskas shoots 92% (70/76) and 46 in a row in 5 minutes. anyone need on-campus housing? hoke promises students free donuts for noon games hoke promises students free donuts for noon games hoke promises students free donuts for noon games so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... so my friend ran into mcgary the other day... the best bike lock the best bike lock the best bike lock any transfers for fall 13' on here? if so, where you living? quiet hours are coming annoyed picard hd no reserved seats for football this year. general admission only. no reserved seats for football this year. general admission only. no reserved seats for football this year. general admission only. no reserved seats for football this year. general admission only. u-m prepares for 'zombie apocalypse' u-m prepares for 'zombie apocalypse' u-m prepares for 'zombie apocalypse' u-m prepares for 'zombie apocalypse' facebook group to protest the new seating policy for student season tickets bedroom furniture for sale! any seniors or grad students looking to fill a room in a house? i'm sta... any seniors or grad students looking to fill a room in a house? i'm sta... eecs 183 help?! ann arborite francophone language partners? (x-post from r/annarbor) what is your favorite date restaurant in ann arbor? what is your favorite date restaurant in ann arbor? what is your favorite date restaurant in ann arbor? what is your favorite date restaurant in ann arbor? 72 hour study break at trotter, free food for all three meals, free mass... glenn robinson iii and mitch mcgary staying! glenn robinson iii and mitch mcgary staying! glenn robinson iii and mitch mcgary staying! glenn robinson iii and mitch mcgary staying! glenn robinson iii and mitch mcgary staying! mary sue coleman to retire in july 2014 mary sue coleman to retire in july 2014 mary sue coleman to retire in july 2014 mary sue coleman to retire in july 2014 mary sue coleman to retire in july 2014 charles munger is donating $110 million to michigan -- the single large... charles munger is donating $110 million to michigan -- the single large... report: gr3 and mitch mcgary will return to michigan next year report: gr3 and mitch mcgary will return to michigan next year report: gr3 and mitch mcgary will return to michigan next year official: tim hardaway jr. will skip senior season, enter nba draft official: tim hardaway jr. will skip senior season, enter nba draft official: tim hardaway jr. will skip senior season, enter nba draft official: tim hardaway jr. will skip senior season, enter nba draft the m block: hardaway joins burke once again, declares for nba draft i bet you never knew that a former michigan third string qb went on to b... anyone know when elbel field opens up for the season? i have 2 student tix for musical theatre's crazy for you for friday nig... i have 2 student tix for musical theatre's crazy for you for friday nig... has anyone here had to appear in court for a noise violation? has anyone here had to appear in court for a noise violation? campus map prints the m block: is trey burke the best to ever lace 'em up in ann arbor? f... the m block: is trey burke the best to ever lace 'em up in ann arbor? f... a good entry-level place to work this summer? joke? chalk drawing on the diag a few questions from an incoming freshman looking to go into the eeb pro... university of michigan museum of art joining google art project university of michigan museum of art joining google art project university of michigan museum of art joining google art project #goblue use on twitter quantified minute-by-minute and correlated with ... #goblue use on twitter quantified minute-by-minute and correlated with ... i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue i'm really gonna miss watching these two play in the maize &amp; blue afternoon delight on tonight's jeopardy! afternoon delight on tonight's jeopardy! afternoon delight on tonight's jeopardy! afternoon delight on tonight's jeopardy! afternoon delight on tonight's jeopardy! afternoon delight on tonight's jeopardy! i was rejected. this is my appeal video (short, mobile-friendly version). i was rejected. this is my appeal video (short, mobile-friendly version). looks like kate upton is a michigan fan looks like kate upton is a michigan fan looks like kate upton is a michigan fan looks like kate upton is a michigan fan looks like kate upton is a michigan fan looks like kate upton is a michigan fan looks like kate upton is a michigan fan looks like kate upton is a michigan fan incoming freshmen fb group mysterious 3d printing win for um this hit on brutus gets me excited for football! eecs 370 exam eecs 370 exam x-post from r/sports-- michigan losing well x-post from r/sports-- michigan losing well x-post from r/sports-- michigan losing well we owe a lot to this guy tonight! we owe a lot to this guy tonight! we owe a lot to this guy tonight! we owe a lot to this guy tonight! we owe a lot to this guy tonight! we owe a lot to this guy tonight! we owe a lot to this guy tonight! we owe a lot to this guy tonight! rooted for michigan 'til the very end. that felt good. rooted for michigan 'til the very end. that felt good. rooted for michigan 'til the very end. that felt good. rooted for michigan 'til the very end. that felt good. rooted for michigan 'til the very end. that felt good. rooted for michigan 'til the very end. that felt good. the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... the homepage of syracuse's school of information this morning. as grac... after tonights game after tonights game after tonights game after tonights game i'm sure jimmy john's is feeling the pain after this game too i'm sure jimmy john's is feeling the pain after this game too captain picard and professor x agree... as a graduating senior (and with the game tonight), this is how i feel ... as a graduating senior (and with the game tonight), this is how i feel ... it really hurts to say, but i have to support my conference... "go blue!" it really hurts to say, but i have to support my conference... "go blue!" it really hurts to say, but i have to support my conference... "go blue!" it really hurts to say, but i have to support my conference... "go blue!" get hype. beilein's reaction when our bench played well against cuse. beilein's reaction when our bench played well against cuse. beilein's reaction when our bench played well against cuse. beilein's reaction when our bench played well against cuse. beilein's reaction when our bench played well against cuse. beilein's reaction when our bench played well against cuse. beilein's reaction when our bench played well against cuse. dmum reacting to the michigan's win over syracuse dmum reacting to the michigan's win over syracuse dmum reacting to the michigan's win over syracuse dmum reacting to the michigan's win over syracuse dmum reacting to the michigan's win over syracuse michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! michigan goes to the finals!!!!!!!! hey /r/uofm, help win $15,000 scholarship money for the detroit partners... watch party at crisler tomorrow: doors open at 7:30 pm, free for student... keep calm and go blue! beat 'cuse! keep calm and go blue! beat 'cuse! keep calm and go blue! beat 'cuse! met a guy named jake last night it's time y'all. go blue one more win trey burke wins the wooden award. trey burke wins the wooden award. trey burke wins the wooden award. trey burke wins the wooden award. trey burke wins the wooden award. getting to know the final four: michigan are you an um undergrad wondering about the umay survey? anybody driving back from atl sunday morning? need a ride, will throw d... anybody driving back from atl sunday morning? need a ride, will throw d... reinstate chris osborn and hayley sakwa as csg president and vice-president princeton review survey finds university of michigan is a top 'dream sc... princeton review survey finds university of michigan is a top 'dream sc... princeton review survey finds university of michigan is a top 'dream sc... princeton review survey finds university of michigan is a top 'dream sc... princeton review survey finds university of michigan is a top 'dream sc... princeton review survey finds university of michigan is a top 'dream sc... in town for the summer? i'm putting together some rec soccer teams up at... an open letter to chris webber: you are loved (written by umich prof ya... an open letter to chris webber: you are loved (written by umich prof ya... a lot of um posts on this site for stories about college... what the hell happened to...tim biakabutuka? what the hell happened to...tim biakabutuka? accepted to michigan...now what? need schedule help! wolverines men's basketball team arrives back at crisler on sunday nigh... wolverines men's basketball team arrives back at crisler on sunday nigh... what does this sign on the buses mean? what does this sign on the buses mean? what does this sign on the buses mean? xkcd's comic from april fool's is dynamic and changes based on input. h... xkcd's comic from april fool's is dynamic and changes based on input. h... the m block: bellomy suffers setback, tears acl man, if only it wasn't april fools today... on the uofm solar car faceb... man, if only it wasn't april fools today... on the uofm solar car faceb... man, if only it wasn't april fools today... on the uofm solar car faceb... man, if only it wasn't april fools today... on the uofm solar car faceb... man, if only it wasn't april fools today... on the uofm solar car faceb... man, if only it wasn't april fools today... on the uofm solar car faceb... so this is why the basketball team was late getting home. final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo final four baby! woooooooooooooooooo unenthusiastic beilein unenthusiastic beilein unenthusiastic beilein unenthusiastic beilein unenthusiastic beilein in case anybody missed caris levert blocking like dikembe mutombo today... in case anybody missed caris levert blocking like dikembe mutombo today... what a steal! what a steal! what a steal! u-m takes first step towards teleportation final four aww yeah!! final four aww yeah!! michigan men's swim &amp; dive won a national championship today! lead... michigan men's swim &amp; dive won a national championship today! lead... michigan men's swim &amp; dive won a national championship today! lead... michigan men's swim &amp; dive won a national championship today! lead... michigan men's swim &amp; dive won a national championship today! lead... michigan men's swim &amp; dive won a national championship today! lead... michigan men's swim &amp; dive won a national championship today! lead... michigan men's swim &amp; dive won a national championship today! lead... michigan men's swim &amp; dive won a national championship today! lead... michigan men's swim &amp; dive won a national championship today! lead... michigan men's swim &amp; dive won a national championship today! lead... michigan eggs missing person post bielfeldt's reaction to trey burke's shot was that of pure unbridled am... bielfeldt's reaction to trey burke's shot was that of pure unbridled am... uec throws osborn and sakwa out of election uec throws osborn and sakwa out of election trey for tres! trey for tres! trey for tres! trey for tres! trey hitting that trey trey hitting that trey trey hitting that trey trey hitting that trey trey hitting that trey trey hitting that trey trey hitting that trey trey hitting that trey trey hitting that trey that game was crazy that game was crazy that game was crazy that game was crazy that game was crazy that game was crazy that game was crazy that game was crazy forgot about trey forgot about trey forgot about trey forgot about trey forgot about trey i pull this out every year and it's always accurate and funny i pull this out every year and it's always accurate and funny i pull this out every year and it's always accurate and funny trey burke is the man! trey burke is the man! gotta love bill self's face...elite 8! go blue! gotta love bill self's face...elite 8! go blue! gotta love bill self's face...elite 8! go blue! happy easter. go blue! happy easter. go blue! facebook users at university of michigan supported gay rights this week ... dining hall granola if you watch til the end you will see dick vitale dance for michigan lik... meanwhile in north quad... meanwhile in north quad... meanwhile in north quad... meanwhile in north quad... meanwhile in north quad... meanwhile in north quad... meanwhile in north quad... meanwhile in north quad... chris osborn wins the presidency, forum wins a majority in csg student a... aaand north quad is currently flooding. aaand north quad is currently flooding. aaand north quad is currently flooding. aaand north quad is currently flooding. aaand north quad is currently flooding. aaand north quad is currently flooding. michigan applicant in need of advice.. anyone else sick of this election yet? anyone else sick of this election yet? anyone else sick of this election yet? anyone else sick of this election yet? anyone else sick of this election yet? anyone else sick of this election yet? how are the weight rooms? a broken pipe in the north quad residential tower has resulted in extens... looking for a place to crash on 4/8. university of michigan considering raising student fees to fund gym ren... university of michigan considering raising student fees to fund gym ren... e-mail from forum party chair threatens election suits: the michigan daily can someone give me a run down of freshman housing on north campus? vote pratik ghosh for lsa representative! together, let's build a more s... losing access to gym with graduation and looking for fitness ideas looking to sublet my place this summer, can you help me out? please help a fellow u of m undergrad out! i'm turning 21 next monday, and i'll be in ann arbor. where should i drink? looks like we're headed to the sweet 16! looks like we're headed to the sweet 16! looks like we're headed to the sweet 16! looks like we're headed to the sweet 16! looks like we're headed to the sweet 16! looks like we're headed to the sweet 16! looks like we're headed to the sweet 16! looks like we're headed to the sweet 16! vcu hit a brick wall today vcu hit a brick wall today vcu hit a brick wall today vcu hit a brick wall today restrictiveness of residential college and honors programs looking for a summer sublet? taste the fur!  taste the claws!  taste the whole thing! taste the fur!  taste the claws!  taste the whole thing! have you been to the university of michigan er without insurance? how mu... anyone still looking for an apartment for the fall? lol - youmich thinks tumblr&gt;reddit | vote forum jake ryan out indefinitely with torn acl.  jake ryan out indefinitely with torn acl.  bringing local produce to campus. online appointments for uhs. this is f... the m block: ryan tears acl, leaves wolverines with uncertainty here's some info on the medical amnesty policy. it's been pretty well pu... michigan vs. michigan state (national basketball fandom map) michigan vs. michigan state (national basketball fandom map) michigan vs. michigan state (national basketball fandom map) michigan vs. michigan state (national basketball fandom map) michigan vs. michigan state (national basketball fandom map) michigan vs. michigan state (national basketball fandom map) looking for any talented students or alumni interested in potentially sh... dick costolo, ceo of twitter to speak at commencement  dick costolo, ceo of twitter to speak at commencement  dick costolo, ceo of twitter to speak at commencement  dick costolo, ceo of twitter to speak at commencement  friend is coming over for a bit. i have a couple of questions about the ... hey michigan. what up! i'm visiting from maryland. what fun things shoul... the m block: mattison, wolverines ink three year-deal the m block: mattison, wolverines ink three year-deal the true big 10 the true big 10 the true big 10 the true big 10 the true big 10 the true big 10 places to get pi(e) today? even nick offerman dislikes msu even nick offerman dislikes msu even nick offerman dislikes msu help michigan researchers test shout, a censorship-resistant, twitter-l... help michigan researchers test shout, a censorship-resistant, twitter-l... this page has potential!   sorry for the spam, but would you mind filling out a survey on travel ha... denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 denard wins cover vote for ncaa 14 lost keys + usb drive saw this on facebook. thought you guys might like it. anybody else apply for a summer research fellowship and heard back yet?  trey burke named big ten player of the year trey burke named big ten player of the year trey burke named big ten player of the year trey burke named big ten player of the year trey burke named big ten player of the year trey burke named big ten player of the year trey burke named big ten player of the year trey burke named big ten player of the year violin monster plays "the victors" at u-m booth at sxsw request for additional flair i was able to get on the field last night! i was able to get on the field last night! i was able to get on the field last night! accepted to michigan for grad school, yay! this will be a transition fo... accepted to michigan for grad school, yay! this will be a transition fo... university of michigan men's alpine ski team takes 3rd place at nationals! university of michigan men's alpine ski team takes 3rd place at nationals! university of michigan men's alpine ski team takes 3rd place at nationals! university of michigan men's alpine ski team takes 3rd place at nationals! university of michigan men's alpine ski team takes 3rd place at nationals! st. patrick's day plans: music on the diag st. patrick's day plans: music on the diag have you voted yet? have you voted yet? have you voted yet? 35 ways you know you're a michigan wolverine 35 ways you know you're a michigan wolverine long shot here - i'm looking at the phd program in information studies ... long shot here - i'm looking at the phd program in information studies ... ncaa grants devin gardner 5th year of eligibility.  ncaa grants devin gardner 5th year of eligibility.  ncaa grants devin gardner 5th year of eligibility.  ncaa grants devin gardner 5th year of eligibility.  ncaa grants devin gardner 5th year of eligibility.  ncaa grants devin gardner 5th year of eligibility.  ncaa grants devin gardner 5th year of eligibility.  good news in ann arbor- extra year for gardner and former wolverine retu... please help me find some stairs. *help* student veteran in need of affordable housing this fall! (x-post ... hail! michigan men's basketball beats michigan state at crisler, 58-57. hail! michigan men's basketball beats michigan state at crisler, 58-57. hail! michigan men's basketball beats michigan state at crisler, 58-57. hail! michigan men's basketball beats michigan state at crisler, 58-57. hail! michigan men's basketball beats michigan state at crisler, 58-57. hail! michigan men's basketball beats michigan state at crisler, 58-57. hail! michigan men's basketball beats michigan state at crisler, 58-57. hail! michigan men's basketball beats michigan state at crisler, 58-57. hail! michigan men's basketball beats michigan state at crisler, 58-57. already posted this on r/cfb but i figured i would post it here where i... already posted this on r/cfb but i figured i would post it here where i... already posted this on r/cfb but i figured i would post it here where i... already posted this on r/cfb but i figured i would post it here where i... already posted this on r/cfb but i figured i would post it here where i... already posted this on r/cfb but i figured i would post it here where i... go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk go home buses, you're drunk all of campus internet is off except reddit and college humor all of campus internet is off except reddit and college humor snowball fight in the diag tomorrow? final round ncaa football cover contest: vote denard final round ncaa football cover contest: vote denard final round ncaa football cover contest: vote denard final round ncaa football cover contest: vote denard final round ncaa football cover contest: vote denard posted around el... stay classy.  posted around el... stay classy.  2013 nfl combine: denard robinson explosive, versatile, worth risk - nf... 2013 nfl combine: denard robinson explosive, versatile, worth risk - nf... denard robinson's 40 yard dash at the nfl combine denard robinson's 40 yard dash at the nfl combine denard robinson's 40 yard dash at the nfl combine denard robinson's 40 yard dash at the nfl combine denard robinson's 40 yard dash at the nfl combine teletubby @ illinois game make a blue wish come true make a blue wish come true football physics (x-post from /r/gifs) football physics (x-post from /r/gifs) football physics (x-post from /r/gifs) football physics (x-post from /r/gifs) football physics (x-post from /r/gifs) football physics (x-post from /r/gifs) football physics (x-post from /r/gifs) football physics (x-post from /r/gifs) football physics (x-post from /r/gifs) football physics (x-post from /r/gifs) football physics (x-post from /r/gifs) has anyone figured out a way for chrome to remember uniqname and passwor... fraternity suspends university of michigan chapter over semi-nude photos fraternity suspends university of michigan chapter over semi-nude photos fraternity suspends university of michigan chapter over semi-nude photos fraternity suspends university of michigan chapter over semi-nude photos mwireless mwireless mwireless mwireless mwireless mwireless mwireless mwireless mwireless mwireless mwireless mwireless best places to nap around campus? he may not be "mr. heisman," but "cover boy" has a nice ring to it. reme... a little r/miata love for the burton clock tower why you can't drive in aa... um-dearborn officially changes name from wolves to wolverines um-dearborn officially changes name from wolves to wolverines living in the cold might make you live longer um / indiana tickets um researcher discovers traces of water in moon rocks a single piece of paper has never made me this happy before! a single piece of paper has never made me this happy before! a single piece of paper has never made me this happy before! a single piece of paper has never made me this happy before! a single piece of paper has never made me this happy before! a single piece of paper has never made me this happy before! what's the telluride house like? instead of doing homework, i made this because i was curious about the ... instead of doing homework, i made this because i was curious about the ... instead of doing homework, i made this because i was curious about the ... instead of doing homework, i made this because i was curious about the ... instead of doing homework, i made this because i was curious about the ... michigan daily: reading into reddit lost my wallet at the blind pig! $50 reward!  lost my wallet at the blind pig! $50 reward!  lost my wallet at the blind pig! $50 reward!  funny acoustic performance around ann arbor, with a n encore performanc... funny acoustic performance around ann arbor, with a n encore performanc... auto-login script for all uofm sites that require a login (google chrome) residential college acceptance a solid ann arbor weekend. a solid ann arbor weekend. a solid ann arbor weekend. a solid ann arbor weekend. a solid ann arbor weekend. a solid ann arbor weekend. a solid ann arbor weekend. a solid ann arbor weekend. a solid ann arbor weekend. michigan harlem shake michigan harlem shake michigan harlem shake michigan harlem shake michigan harlem shake family is coming for graduation, where to find non-expensive housing/hotel? does michigan still have a shot at a 1 seed in the tourney? harlem shake (engineering edition) harlem shake (engineering edition) math 255 or 285? happy valentines day! happy valentines day! happy valentines day! happy valentines day! happy valentines day! happy valentines day! happy valentines day! what's going on at angell hall!? what's going on at angell hall!? what's going on at angell hall!? 'a joke' results in armed police response to angell hall complex for a good time, call... pixeltone, an app that uses voice-control and touch to control photo edi... check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! check out this jeopardy question! hidden gems on campus  snow day snow day snow day hill auditorium at night hill auditorium at night hill auditorium at night i thought this was funny then i realized i had no valentine.  i thought this was funny then i realized i had no valentine.  how much do you tip? hey, u-m redditors: the michigan daily needs new media writers! michigan daily: "fake signs in union cause stir about new restaurants" michigan daily: "fake signs in union cause stir about new restaurants" and msu students call us scum... and msu students call us scum... and msu students call us scum... uofm basketball beats osu 76 to 74 in overtime! uofm basketball beats osu 76 to 74 in overtime! uofm basketball beats osu 76 to 74 in overtime! uofm basketball beats osu 76 to 74 in overtime! uofm basketball beats osu 76 to 74 in overtime! uofm basketball beats osu 76 to 74 in overtime! uofm basketball beats osu 76 to 74 in overtime! uofm basketball beats osu 76 to 74 in overtime! uofm basketball beats osu 76 to 74 in overtime! uofm basketball beats osu 76 to 74 in overtime! brace yourselves, calories are coming  brace yourselves, calories are coming  brace yourselves, calories are coming  official statement regarding the  asian intervarsity christian fellowship official statement regarding the  asian intervarsity christian fellowship anyone here study abroad? "i will" - new student led campaign to address sexual assault at um "i will" - new student led campaign to address sexual assault at um "i will" - new student led campaign to address sexual assault at um celebrity endorsement: just chris brown wearing a michigan state hat. t... celebrity endorsement: just chris brown wearing a michigan state hat. t... celebrity endorsement: just chris brown wearing a michigan state hat. t... celebrity endorsement: just chris brown wearing a michigan state hat. t... celebrity endorsement: just chris brown wearing a michigan state hat. t... celebrity endorsement: just chris brown wearing a michigan state hat. t... celebrity endorsement: just chris brown wearing a michigan state hat. t... celebrity endorsement: just chris brown wearing a michigan state hat. t... celebrity endorsement: just chris brown wearing a michigan state hat. t... improvement on the facebook newsfeed? michigan vs. indiana drinking game $2 vintage gift from my friend $2 vintage gift from my friend $2 vintage gift from my friend $2 vintage gift from my friend $2 vintage gift from my friend personal financial advice at uofm? i actually currently attend mizzou, but i figured you all would appreci... i actually currently attend mizzou, but i figured you all would appreci... i actually currently attend mizzou, but i figured you all would appreci... i actually currently attend mizzou, but i figured you all would appreci... i actually currently attend mizzou, but i figured you all would appreci... i actually currently attend mizzou, but i figured you all would appreci... cat found. help find its owner! cat found. help find its owner! jack's hardware has some hilarious messages on their sign. most recentl... jack's hardware has some hilarious messages on their sign. most recentl... jack's hardware has some hilarious messages on their sign. most recentl... [event] charity gaming event @ emu's student center, tournaments + lan, ... article about reddit in the michigan daily be sure to vote for michigan to be on the cover of ncaa '13! we're curr... be sure to vote for michigan to be on the cover of ncaa '13! we're curr... be sure to vote for michigan to be on the cover of ncaa '13! we're curr... be sure to vote for michigan to be on the cover of ncaa '13! we're curr... martha pollack named u-m provost what are the pros and cons of the m-stem academy? mhacks brings top university computer science talent to michigan hackathon mhacks brings top university computer science talent to michigan hackathon reverend dr. martin luther king jr. memorial symposium: keynote memorial... um 2012 sustainability report michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... michigan basketball ranked #1 in ap poll for the first time since 92-9... the university of michigan heritage project - "an immersive, digital exp... you guys have some great fans you guys have some great fans any uofm students want to meet up for free beer and food? new start up n... today on the music school pond (more info in comments) today on the music school pond (more info in comments) today on the music school pond (more info in comments) derrick green (rb) says his commitment made brady hoke cry derrick green (rb) says his commitment made brady hoke cry housing for fall semester? make beats? submit music for ann arbor's annual beat battle!  things to check out upon visiting uofm? the top rb from the class of 2013 (derrick green) announced his decisio... the top rb from the class of 2013 (derrick green) announced his decisio... the top rb from the class of 2013 (derrick green) announced his decisio... the top rb from the class of 2013 (derrick green) announced his decisio... the top rb from the class of 2013 (derrick green) announced his decisio... the top rb from the class of 2013 (derrick green) announced his decisio... the top rb from the class of 2013 (derrick green) announced his decisio... the top rb from the class of 2013 (derrick green) announced his decisio... shameless plug for my former student group. leim irish dance is performi... anyone find a black ck pea coat at mash/blue tractor yesterday?  liquid metal makes silicon crystals at record low temperatures michigan pops jazz band looking for a bassist [x-post from r/annarbor] u of m professor on protecting unions in the light of anti union laws in... has anyone taken a class pass/fail? (french 231) share your north campus secrets? share your north campus secrets? share your north campus secrets? picked this up today, i thought it was pretty neat. picked this up today, i thought it was pretty neat. picked this up today, i thought it was pretty neat. um news service | climate change to profoundly affect the midwest, new r... state and william in the mid-60s [x/post /r/michigan] state and william in the mid-60s [x/post /r/michigan] state and william in the mid-60s [x/post /r/michigan] state and william in the mid-60s [x/post /r/michigan] state and william in the mid-60s [x/post /r/michigan] state and william in the mid-60s [x/post /r/michigan] i guess they're not so "safe and secure" after all i guess they're not so "safe and secure" after all martin luther king jr visits hill auditorium in 1962 martin luther king jr visits hill auditorium in 1962 martin luther king jr visits hill auditorium in 1962 martin luther king jr visits hill auditorium in 1962 martin luther king jr visits hill auditorium in 1962 martin luther king jr visits hill auditorium in 1962 martin luther king jr visits hill auditorium in 1962 martin luther king jr visits hill auditorium in 1962 follow the leader follow the leader lost my cat, otto. near e. jefferson and hamilton. cash reward. more in... lost my cat, otto. near e. jefferson and hamilton. cash reward. more in... lost my cat, otto. near e. jefferson and hamilton. cash reward. more in... lost my cat, otto. near e. jefferson and hamilton. cash reward. more in... where to buy a bike. budding filmmaker in aa glen robinson iii's 360 dunk vs minnesota .gif glen robinson iii's 360 dunk vs minnesota .gif glen robinson iii's 360 dunk vs minnesota .gif glen robinson iii's 360 dunk vs minnesota .gif glen robinson iii's 360 dunk vs minnesota .gif glen robinson iii's 360 dunk vs minnesota .gif glen robinson iii's 360 dunk vs minnesota .gif glen robinson iii's 360 dunk vs minnesota .gif what is your favorite video shot on u of m's campus? espn reminds me of why i hate notre dame espn reminds me of why i hate notre dame espn reminds me of why i hate notre dame natalie? what are you doing at giant eagle?! natalie? what are you doing at giant eagle?! natalie? what are you doing at giant eagle?! natalie? what are you doing at giant eagle?! natalie? what are you doing at giant eagle?! natalie? what are you doing at giant eagle?! natalie? what are you doing at giant eagle?! natalie? what are you doing at giant eagle?! natalie? what are you doing at giant eagle?! natalie? what are you doing at giant eagle?! since you liked the first one, here's another.  my grandma's the one ab... since you liked the first one, here's another.  my grandma's the one ab... since you liked the first one, here's another.  my grandma's the one ab... since you liked the first one, here's another.  my grandma's the one ab... looking for housing this upcoming fall 2013? old school cool old school cool old school cool old school cool old school cool old school cool old school cool old school cool [xpost from /r/michigan] sugar babies and msu [xpost from /r/michigan] sugar babies and msu professor shaun jackson (from taubman and ross colleges) in critical con... it's back! check it out for some good eats at (relatively) good prices! how i felt when trey burke missed that last shot against osu how i felt when trey burke missed that last shot against osu how i felt when trey burke missed that last shot against osu how i felt when trey burke missed that last shot against osu how i felt when trey burke missed that last shot against osu how i felt when trey burke missed that last shot against osu how i felt when trey burke missed that last shot against osu how i felt when trey burke missed that last shot against osu how i felt when trey burke missed that last shot against osu how i felt when trey burke missed that last shot against osu how i felt when trey burke missed that last shot against osu students from ny/nj area, how do you get to school? reputation of the co-op houses? reputation of the co-op houses? folk festival tickets? eecs 281 and/or eecs 370 study group? taylor lewan returning for his senior season  taylor lewan returning for his senior season  taylor lewan returning for his senior season  taylor lewan returning for his senior season  taylor lewan returning for his senior season  taylor lewan returning for his senior season  michigan marching director scott boerma, inventor of classic michigan ha... renowned political science professor dies at 72 - the michigan daily - ... renowned political science professor dies at 72 - the michigan daily - ... renowned political science professor dies at 72 - the michigan daily - ... parking around central and north campus? are any of you guys part of the solar car team? or know anybody who is, ... what are some things you wish you brought to college freshman year, and ... music school pond has been shoveled off, let's play some pond hockey music school pond has been shoveled off, let's play some pond hockey music school pond has been shoveled off, let's play some pond hockey music school pond has been shoveled off, let's play some pond hockey music school pond has been shoveled off, let's play some pond hockey music school pond has been shoveled off, let's play some pond hockey is there any way of finding out what engineering courses will be offered... are there any big name artists who come to michigan for concerts? my favorite michigan fan my favorite michigan fan my favorite michigan fan my favorite michigan fan my favorite michigan fan anyone know much about the health care options? what are the must-sees and must-dos for an incoming freshman? uom dearborn graduate engineering admissions advice for a nervous future-freshman? does anyone need a place to live next semester? i know everyone is sick... does anyone need a place to live next semester? i know everyone is sick... sidebar additions sidebar additions update: dropbox space race: um is really close to getting 15gb free, le... update: dropbox space race: um is really close to getting 15gb free, le... update: dropbox space race: um is really close to getting 15gb free, le... michigan pops jazz band looking for a bassist. admitted student with some questions! beer is coming to biercamp!!! beer is coming to biercamp!!! beer is coming to biercamp!!! best a2 christmas yard decorations: calvin &amp; hobbes best a2 christmas yard decorations: calvin &amp; hobbes jt floyd, will hagerup, and brandin hawthorne suspended. will not play i... a friend made this website: it tells you what food places are open on n... a friend made this website: it tells you what food places are open on n... a friend made this website: it tells you what food places are open on n... a friend made this website: it tells you what food places are open on n... a friend made this website: it tells you what food places are open on n... i just got accepted to the college of engineering! i'm incredibly psych... i just got accepted to the college of engineering! i'm incredibly psych... community colleges, former slackers, and michigan what is the best strategy for finding available housing/apartment units ... this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! this is probably the greatest day of my entire life. just got it today! michigan students bringing so many feels to the letter "m" michigan students bringing so many feels to the letter "m" michigan students bringing so many feels to the letter "m" michigan students bringing so many feels to the letter "m" michigan students bringing so many feels to the letter "m" michigan students bringing so many feels to the letter "m" dean of engineering rap! dean of engineering rap! dean of engineering rap! dean of engineering rap! dean of engineering rap! dean of engineering rap! miniature michigan! miniature michigan! miniature michigan! anyone know where a good place to watch the geminids meteor shower tonight? auditioning for classical voice in january! here is a video of me singin... if you guys need a break from finals if you guys need a break from finals you or anybody you know transferring to um for winter semester? 1 room a... damn arbor blog weighs in on jordan miller affair damn arbor blog weighs in on jordan miller affair michigan daily: social media director resigns amid allegations michigan daily: social media director resigns amid allegations michigan daily: social media director resigns amid allegations beautiful photo of the ross school of business at the university of mic... beautiful photo of the ross school of business at the university of mic... beautiful photo of the ross school of business at the university of mic... u-m social media director jordan miller resigns u-m social media director jordan miller resigns uofm's lol rofl comedy club presents: comedy at cantina this thursday at... stolen bicycle, reward if found stolen bicycle, reward if found stolen bicycle, reward if found anyone interested in board games tomorrow? umich students need your help to win a federal debt awareness competition! i was wondering if all of you wonderful people could help me find a stud... i am writing a research report on effectiveness of smoking ban, can you... i am writing a research report on effectiveness of smoking ban, can you... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... um social media director jordan miller lies on resume about bachelors ... rumor is that blimpy burger is closing. rumor is that blimpy burger is closing. thank you for the #giftofmichigan thank you for the #giftofmichigan calc 3 without taking calc 2? dave brandon: a run put on by the athletic dept would generate more mon... dave brandon: a run put on by the athletic dept would generate more mon... (x-post /r/actuallesbians) ann arbor al meetup 12/14! canceled: big house big heart race forced out of michigan stadium canceled: big house big heart race forced out of michigan stadium canceled: big house big heart race forced out of michigan stadium reddit-friendly household looking for a roommate for winter and/or summer! reddit-friendly household looking for a roommate for winter and/or summer! question for cs/ce majors light rail or streetcar in ann arbor?  input your opinions at public sur... bowl game road trip the michigan difference  the michigan difference  the michigan difference  the michigan difference  the michigan difference  the michigan difference  the michigan difference  the michigan difference  the michigan difference  the michigan difference  the michigan difference  the michigan difference  the michigan difference  ridiculous fox news spotlight on pot smoking in ann arbor. ridiculous fox news spotlight on pot smoking in ann arbor. astro 201 free native american dance workshop this saturday! movie interpretation and analysis by engineers movie interpretation and analysis by engineers movie interpretation and analysis by engineers movie interpretation and analysis by engineers til: ohio state doesn't own the domain ohiostate.edu til: ohio state doesn't own the domain ohiostate.edu til: ohio state doesn't own the domain ohiostate.edu need an easy engineering flex tech what is the easiest 4 credit class you have taken? forever go blue forever go blue forever go blue forever go blue forever go blue forever go blue forever go blue not impressed urban meyer (x-post from r/michiganwolverines) not impressed urban meyer (x-post from r/michiganwolverines) not impressed urban meyer (x-post from r/michiganwolverines) looking for a roommate for next semester i believe this sums up the plan for tomorrow... i believe this sums up the plan for tomorrow... i believe this sums up the plan for tomorrow... picture for the wager. as a michigan football fan...this is me today. as a michigan football fan...this is me today. as a michigan football fan...this is me today. as a michigan football fan...this is me today. as a michigan football fan...this is me today. as a michigan football fan...this is me today. anyone looking for a roommate? til there were 2 fake towns named goblu and beatosu on the official 197... til there were 2 fake towns named goblu and beatosu on the official 197... til there were 2 fake towns named goblu and beatosu on the official 197... til there were 2 fake towns named goblu and beatosu on the official 197... til there were 2 fake towns named goblu and beatosu on the official 197... til there were 2 fake towns named goblu and beatosu on the official 197... looking for housing for 2013-14 year hello! i'm an undergrad who's considering applying for grad school at u ... help kovacs win the burlsworth trophy for best walk-on player in the co... help kovacs win the burlsworth trophy for best walk-on player in the co... help kovacs win the burlsworth trophy for best walk-on player in the co... wtf is the "we on" on the shirts help camp kesem at u of m beat ohio state [fb] give up full ride to transfer to uofm?