 question? activities we could do together for those of you that will be here durin... how late is too late to find summer housing? acs survey?! what health insurance do you have (don't reply if you're on your parents!!) my roommate watches my boyfriends and i have sex and my ca won't do anyt... what are your thoughts on the mn daily drugs article? found a grinder found a grinder lots of "lost" posts going on, so here is another one: lost passport and... megabus help lost keys lost keys does anybody know how to set up a connection to "the hub" on a mac? anybody work for the university and have your paycheck all fucked up thi... areas on campus to practice gymnastics? housing help? anyone play ingress? best wings around campus? hey guys, i'd really appreciate it if you'd take 10 seconds to do this. u of m twin cities smoke and tobacco will officially take effect on jul... u of m twin cities smoke and tobacco will officially take effect on jul... u of m twin cities smoke and tobacco will officially take effect on jul... anyone know anything about the asian can lady? umn housing question engineer majors, what computer do you use? reasons for attending u of minnesota? floco? chances of getting into a summer course has anybody seen flyers for "universal verbal language" around campus? has anybody seen flyers for "universal verbal language" around campus? looking for someone to sublease, cheap rent for own room is the spring break adventure trip still going? dropping a class and may need to add another. please help. advice for a high school senior considering u of mn as well as uw-madison? comfiest place to study on campus got my acceptance letter today and will be transferring here as a sophom... looking to fill an open room for next year. 550/month on 15th&amp;5th til: umn student tobacco use is at its lowest in history: daily tobacco... til: umn student tobacco use is at its lowest in history: daily tobacco... til: umn student tobacco use is at its lowest in history: daily tobacco... free access code to mypoliscikit spring jam performer guesses? (just for fun) a gopher lost a bet to a canadian hockey fan. did anybody see this? (x-... a gopher lost a bet to a canadian hockey fan. did anybody see this? (x-... a gopher lost a bet to a canadian hockey fan. did anybody see this? (x-... a gopher lost a bet to a canadian hockey fan. did anybody see this? (x-... a gopher lost a bet to a canadian hockey fan. did anybody see this? (x-... a gopher lost a bet to a canadian hockey fan. did anybody see this? (x-... a gopher lost a bet to a canadian hockey fan. did anybody see this? (x-... a gopher lost a bet to a canadian hockey fan. did anybody see this? (x-... thoughtful discussion on the stall in vincent hall thoughtful discussion on the stall in vincent hall has anyone gotten a fake confiscated by dinky town wine and spirits? i'm graduating soon. what student benefits should i take advantage of be... fruits and vegetables members of u-lift, how do i join? members of u-lift, how do i join? pretty basic question, but frat recruiting process? lost camera at crashed ice lost camera at crashed ice free software or os copies? winter parking restrictions (mpls) go into effect tomorrow at 8 am. winter parking restrictions (mpls) go into effect tomorrow at 8 am. summer storage spring jam expanding to have a ticketed headliner in mariucci arena and... spring jam expanding to have a ticketed headliner in mariucci arena and... goldie the snowman goldie the snowman goldie the snowman goldie the snowman goldie the snowman goldie the snowman goldie the snowman guy pulls out sign on gophers kiss cam guy pulls out sign on gophers kiss cam u of m in kiev protests (4th picture far left) u of m in kiev protests (4th picture far left) campus snowstorm time lapse (with a happy ending) spring break plans anyone going to the aer show this saturday at the fine line? how many of you actually dormed in the learning communities? trainers at the u math 4281 it must be someone's last day at myburger... it must be someone's last day at myburger... it must be someone's last day at myburger... it must be someone's last day at myburger... it must be someone's last day at myburger... it must be someone's last day at myburger... it must be someone's last day at myburger... it must be someone's last day at myburger... it must be someone's last day at myburger... it must be someone's last day at myburger... just got waitlisted....what do i do? to the "have a nice day" girl on oak &amp; essex questions about visiting the u of m questions about visiting the u of m best dorm for comp. sci. student? anyone heading to appleton over spring break? where can i get my taxes done? in surprise move, mesa pizza building used to stall dinkytown hotel in surprise move, mesa pizza building used to stall dinkytown hotel in surprise move, mesa pizza building used to stall dinkytown hotel how difficult is it to transfer into cla from uw-madison? what is the best restaurant around here for valentines day? i was too la... student robbed in se como is the hub down again? transferring pros/cons? the refuge-hodson hall? the refuge-hodson hall? bar transportation? roommate for 2014-2015 school year dry cleaning? til tcf bank stadium is designed for expansion up to 80,000 til tcf bank stadium is designed for expansion up to 80,000 til tcf bank stadium is designed for expansion up to 80,000 game connection help... question about transferring? networking event tonight. fashion show! feb 15th! doran sub-leasing history of piek hall? cheapest way to print large volume (500-1000 pages) star trek tng ambient engine noise (idling for 24 hrs) are the classes at the rec free for students? tips for finding a one semester lease? global studies major alum talks about post-grad on cla's youtube channel so all my friends knew him as "suitcase man," but does he still ride th... so all my friends knew him as "suitcase man," but does he still ride th... so all my friends knew him as "suitcase man," but does he still ride th... who here is a wwe fan? anyone here live in a yudof 4 person super suite? help with umn secure and chromebook thinking of transferring to u of mn, could you guys provide me with some... for those who live in como... for those who live in como... safe to walk? me for a boyfriend minnesota hockey state cheer turn up or transfer? (centennial lobby 1030 am) how hard it is it to switch from the college of liberal arts to the coll... umn dota 2 players wanted i remember walking past this building my freshman year. it looked pretty... minnesota bike exchange proposal does anyone know what was going on in front of eddy hall this afternoon? question for those of you who are not claimed as dependents on their par... what are the ballinest apartments in the uofm area? studying abroad? is it just me... or is it a lot more crowded this semester? is it just me... or is it a lot more crowded this semester? just verbally committed to the university of minnesota for track and fi... just verbally committed to the university of minnesota for track and fi... just verbally committed to the university of minnesota for track and fi... just verbally committed to the university of minnesota for track and fi... we've been out tunnel-ed why have i seen clothing all over campus? know of a place hiring for night shifts during the week? beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight beautiful view of minneapolis tonight anyone who has taken stats 3011 morning classes cancelled tuesday 1/28 morning classes cancelled tuesday 1/28 morning classes cancelled tuesday 1/28 the hub is back up! share all the porn! get involved with it if you are... the hub is back up! share all the porn! get involved with it if you are... questions for those who have graduated recently... so, when was the last time the u was closed due to extreme cold? so, when was the last time the u was closed due to extreme cold? [ama request] president kaler [ama request] president kaler classes canceled for monday jan. 27th classes canceled for monday jan. 27th classes canceled for monday jan. 27th classes canceled for monday jan. 27th classes canceled for monday jan. 27th classes canceled for monday jan. 27th does anyone know the snow plowing route the university staff takes? i'm... does anyone know the snow plowing route the university staff takes? i'm... any update on if the hub is up or not? umn marching band chances of classes being cancelled tomorrow? donate to the foundations made in the names of the 2 umn students who pe... classes cancelled, should i still attend internship? free or cheap parking near indoor fieldhouse ? is the giant video screen in the stadium on all the time? if it is, why? drink/beer specials dinkytown i tilt-shifted tcf bank stadium! i tilt-shifted tcf bank stadium! i tilt-shifted tcf bank stadium! i tilt-shifted tcf bank stadium! i tilt-shifted tcf bank stadium! i tilt-shifted tcf bank stadium! i tilt-shifted tcf bank stadium! way to stream gopher hockey? accepted into different college? minnesota daily rejoices as white suspect finally washes up in crime al... minnesota daily rejoices as white suspect finally washes up in crime al... minnesota daily rejoices as white suspect finally washes up in crime al... u of mn flag on liberty of the seas leaving port everglades u of mn flag on liberty of the seas leaving port everglades u of mn flag on liberty of the seas leaving port everglades u of mn flag on liberty of the seas leaving port everglades advise for a future freshman usually i would be a true minnesotan and endure a harsh journey to clas... usually i would be a true minnesotan and endure a harsh journey to clas... what was the top movie of 2013, and why was it her? classes cancelled for cold classes cancelled for cold classes cancelled for cold classes cancelled for cold classes cancelled for cold classes cancelled for cold upcoming forum on campus crime and safety - 1/29/2014 5-7pm cowles audit... last crime seems like something posted by the @umnpd twitter account last crime seems like something posted by the @umnpd twitter account last crime seems like something posted by the @umnpd twitter account reminder to not get stuck in the "summer internship program" scam. reminder to not get stuck in the "summer internship program" scam. reminder to not get stuck in the "summer internship program" scam. reminder to not get stuck in the "summer internship program" scam. reminder to not get stuck in the "summer internship program" scam. i'm transferring to the u after 2 years of community college, should i l... what does a person do if they're not accepted to upper division? if you enjoy games (board, card, video), here is a shameless promotion t... is the hub down? i've not been able to connect. [x-post from /r/health] the minnesota starvation experiment: during wwi... [x-post from /r/health] the minnesota starvation experiment: during wwi... check out the new umn.u-swap.org a textbook exchange website living in dorms for 2nd year? launching gopher answers launching gopher answers launching gopher answers best way to find a subleaser? any smpers hear anything about a program-wide raise? fire at delaware parking garage today (1/21) transferring credits from mctc is the hub down right now? is the hub down right now? this is getting really stressful we are always here. we are always here. we are always here. we are always here. we are always here. we are always here. i'm stuck in my dorm's closet. is there any way to open it from the ins... i'm stuck in my dorm's closet. is there any way to open it from the ins... i'm stuck in my dorm's closet. is there any way to open it from the ins... i'm stuck in my dorm's closet. is there any way to open it from the ins... i just applied to be a ca... what can i expect next? any advice from any... need help finding a classroom in the stadium. math 1372 target comes to dinkytown target comes to dinkytown target comes to dinkytown target comes to dinkytown target comes to dinkytown throwing drinks on the floor? starting jan 24th, there will be a new campus connector on weekends tha... starting jan 24th, there will be a new campus connector on weekends tha... starting jan 24th, there will be a new campus connector on weekends tha... starting jan 24th, there will be a new campus connector on weekends tha... starting jan 24th, there will be a new campus connector on weekends tha... dinkytown could face more changes in 2014. what do you think about doran... how much for book in the carlson school of management? last minute apartment options? comment on the u of m smoking ban comment on the u of m smoking ban would you suggest joining students today, leaders forever? it seems like... statics and dynamics textbook is there a complete list of funding sources for projects the university ... can we start some sort of textbook exchange? when does the student contract parking go into effect? off-campus housing good groups/places to meet people for a nerd? good groups/places to meet people for a nerd? cce information! animal diversity text "exploring zoology" - $30 i don't have twitter, but i came across a umnpd parody account that bega... hiring an it intern in the umn-tc area. hiring an it intern in the umn-tc area. where can i practice piano? selling a few csci textbooks do you suggest joining an llc? how difficult is it to transfer from cla to cse? any knowledge of the alpha kappa psi (alpha eta) fraternity? in umn robbery and assault, three arrested in umn robbery and assault, three arrested another crime alert - dinkytown cvs [psa] dangerous wind chills through 12pm tue: don't come in unless you ... [psa] dangerous wind chills through 12pm tue: don't come in unless you ... {doge, bit, lite, &lt;whatever&gt;}coin pool interest glitchcon 2014 - meet video game developers (blizzard, riot, valve, bet... glitchcon 2014 - meet video game developers (blizzard, riot, valve, bet... glitchcon 2014 - meet video game developers (blizzard, riot, valve, bet... difference between acct 2050 umn custom book and normal book? review requests for certain csci courses. fsos 3101 (personal and family finances)? second year experience housing? how difficult is summer subleasing? any experiences about getting mn residency? applied to transfer. what can i do to help myself get in? chem 1061 textbook w/connect plus anyone taken csci 1933? ca workshop ta assignment book exchange? awesome dinkytown pizza awesome dinkytown pizza looking for subleaser!!!!! rent negotiable. how's the lgbt support here? how's the lgbt support here? sick of lack security? need a job? apply for monitor!!! give us your class review! also, the subreddit looks different. give us your class review! also, the subreddit looks different. low cost trainers developed by u students trains surgical skills housing recommendations housing recommendations attempted robbery in carlson atrium attempted robbery in carlson atrium attempted robbery in carlson atrium attempted robbery in carlson atrium attempted robbery in carlson atrium attempted robbery in carlson atrium u freshman's body found on riverbank near stone arch bridge in minneapolis u freshman's body found on riverbank near stone arch bridge in minneapolis u freshman's body found on riverbank near stone arch bridge in minneapolis housing application trouble? it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... it's a daily success actually... any cse students here get rejected from upper division? what did you do?... donating clothes those pesky wackos are back again ... finally time to do the right thing... the minnesota daily is still hiring a web developer. app closes on 12/1... the minnesota daily is still hiring a web developer. app closes on 12/1... anyone have the tools and skills to repair a broken iphone 5 screen? watch out for the buses! watch out for the buses! watch out for the buses! watch out for the buses! free condoms? $1 tea garden! gandalf stopped by my class today gandalf stopped by my class today gandalf stopped by my class today gandalf stopped by my class today gandalf stopped by my class today need a place to live? house in marcy holmes for spring semester, $430 a ... easy cla math requirement fulfillment? has this always been included in the crime alerts? psa: just a reminder, the connector routes change today psa: just a reminder, the connector routes change today psa: just a reminder, the connector routes change today are there recording studios on campus? are there any nearby hills good for sledding? are there any nearby hills good for sledding? help! i need to do a short interview on minnesota identity. financial aid for spring sem. farewell to university of minnesota medical school dean friedman brother's brocial at al-madinah cultural center brother's brocial at al-madinah cultural center brother's brocial at al-madinah cultural center brother's brocial at al-madinah cultural center anybody live in pavilion on berry since the management has changed? anyone commute on a motorcycle? what is there for motorcycle parking? when did you find out? markingson case: has the gordian knot puzzle been solved at the universi... it's colder here than in antarctica. it's colder here than in antarctica. it's colder here than in antarctica. calling the number someone wrote in the snow calling the number someone wrote in the snow tips and tricks of the u tips and tricks of the u gandalf visit requests for tuesday the 10th. (details inside) gandalf visit requests for tuesday the 10th. (details inside) gandalf visit requests for tuesday the 10th. (details inside) keep it classy umn. keep it classy umn. keep it classy umn. keep it classy umn. keep it classy umn. keep it classy umn. help me be anti-social next year - any cheap one-bedroom/studio/efficien... at least someone's happy about all this snow at least someone's happy about all this snow at least someone's happy about all this snow at least someone's happy about all this snow at least someone's happy about all this snow at least someone's happy about all this snow at least someone's happy about all this snow at least someone's happy about all this snow at least someone's happy about all this snow at least someone's happy about all this snow at least someone's happy about all this snow need a parking spot! goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... goldy starts (and wins) a snowball fight with high school students on ... can you help me pick a pe course? roommate match-up program? question about the rec center over winter break. i think they just look stupid (x-post from /r/funny) "uofm:lan" club exist? what happened at fraser hall today? what happened at fraser hall today? what happened at fraser hall today? bus route changes starting dec. 7 - washington avenue is opened up to r... bus route changes starting dec. 7 - washington avenue is opened up to r... looking for people to live with next school year (fall 2014-spring 2015)? can we bike on washington yet? can we bike on washington yet? anybody out there who has taken any courses from anil chandiramani this ... have they ever caught any of these robbery/assault suspects? i ask this... have they ever caught any of these robbery/assault suspects? i ask this... professors jeong-hyun cho &amp; jasmine foo let's talk about safety: an event to write letters to your legislators a... anybody taken csci 1913? astronomy classes...questions female looking for spring subleaser csom question (xpost) room with me. please. room with me. please. room with me. please. hockey tickets tonight does anybody know any good restaurants open thankgiving? u of m graduate from woodbury held in abu dhabi prison (x-post worldnews) u of m graduate from woodbury held in abu dhabi prison (x-post worldnews) parking contracts worth it? (specifically, east river road garage) free showing of jobs at coffman theatre + free popcorn! (tues dec 3) student survey for a class project (only 4 questions!) student survey for a class project (only 4 questions!) advice for all you from a lib arts/ masters graduate advice for all you from a lib arts/ masters graduate a map of near campus crimes this year (link in comments). a map of near campus crimes this year (link in comments). a map of near campus crimes this year (link in comments). a map of near campus crimes this year (link in comments). a map of near campus crimes this year (link in comments). what the hell is going on in centennial? what the hell is going on in centennial? professor: dennis a hejhal what would dr. freud say about uof m markingson case asks gwu english prof? bathroom of the varsity theater makes front page! cogs set to leave gapsa in july the most recent crime alert from umpd really scares me the most recent crime alert from umpd really scares me the most recent crime alert from umpd really scares me the most recent crime alert from umpd really scares me the most recent crime alert from umpd really scares me the most recent crime alert from umpd really scares me the most recent crime alert from umpd really scares me affordable apartments near a connector? anybody taken cscl 1401w? we're #1 on the front page we're #1 on the front page we're #1 on the front page we're #1 on the front page we're #1 on the front page we're #1 on the front page we're #1 on the front page we're #1 on the front page we're #1 on the front page we're #1 on the front page we're #1 on the front page we're #1 on the front page comments on strib piece: "send in the wackos..." acceptance requirements? send in the wackos...latest on markingson case at uofm bummer. bummer. bummer. bummer. bummer. better dead than red!!! better dead than red!!! better dead than red!!! better dead than red!!! better dead than red!!! better dead than red!!! what's an easy literature course? anyone living in university village east and west needs to evacuate - na... mest 1002 has anyone taken vbs 1001? lpe scoring question 2 credit 3000 or 4000 level courses housing question in hist 3348: women in modern america, i have the option of taking this ... let it out. what do you want to change about umpd, the smp, or camera m... let it out. what do you want to change about umpd, the smp, or camera m... let it out. what do you want to change about umpd, the smp, or camera m... let it out. what do you want to change about umpd, the smp, or camera m... i swear the umpd copy and paste the same description in every email. i swear the umpd copy and paste the same description in every email. i swear the umpd copy and paste the same description in every email. i swear the umpd copy and paste the same description in every email. i swear the umpd copy and paste the same description in every email. i swear the umpd copy and paste the same description in every email. cscl 3458w the body and the politics of representation: info please? anyone willing to sell their student tickets to the wisconsin game? ling 3001: intro to linguistics. any info? heads up biking gophers! the police are out on the sidewalks today handi... chop, chop, chop! minnesota and wisconsin continue to battle for paul bu... ochem i profs - any tips? need someone to take over my lease! i need a subleaser!!! chem students: is anyone able to order from sigma-aldrich? i want a beni... there's going to be a panel on the future of judicial selection in mn w... there's going to be a panel on the future of judicial selection in mn w... hey! this friday there is a show at the whole. free energy headlining, f... can anyone tell me about how long it took for you to hear back after you... has anyone taken bbe 2201? does anyone know the name/contact info of the gentleman who spoke at con... any cool minors to take up? football tickets are there any tutors/former students for csci 2021 (machine arch.) on here? has anyone taken hist 3265? gophers football enters bcs at #25 overall! gophers football enters bcs at #25 overall! gophers football enters bcs at #25 overall! gophers football enters bcs at #25 overall! gophers football enters bcs at #25 overall! gophers football enters bcs at #25 overall! if you have an iphone, ask siri who her favorite college football team c... can somebody help me with this really stupid question? pitcher claw machine at burrito loco pitcher claw machine at burrito loco urban exploring drive robots for science this sunday? tyus jones announces college committment does anyone have second language recommendations? umpd updates photo of robbery suspect. individual photographed in origi... umpd updates photo of robbery suspect. individual photographed in origi... umpd updates photo of robbery suspect. individual photographed in origi... umpd updates photo of robbery suspect. individual photographed in origi... last second but...anyone have an interesting and "easy" 4xxx/5xxx math/e... where do you meet new people? help me with my thesis: survey on parental support and academic achievem... does anyone have a wall street journal account that i can use? does anyone know of any microwaves in the mall area? i was too scared to ask my girlfriend to the yule ball, so he did it for... looking for a student programmer to code a simple program has anyone taken chem 4223w (polymer lab)? gunman prompts u of m students to seek shelter (star tribune) alert: person possibly armed with a gun seen in anderson hall. please s... alert: person possibly armed with a gun seen in anderson hall. please s... alert: person possibly armed with a gun seen in anderson hall. please s... alert: person possibly armed with a gun seen in anderson hall. please s... alert: person possibly armed with a gun seen in anderson hall. please s... alert: person possibly armed with a gun seen in anderson hall. please s... alert -person possibly armed with a gun seen in anderson hall alert -person possibly armed with a gun seen in anderson hall alert -person possibly armed with a gun seen in anderson hall umn tc alert text message-possible gunman in anderson hall umn tc alert text message-possible gunman in anderson hall why on earth would you rob someone on campus? i know students may let th... umn alert: west bank cleared according to umpd. it sounds safe to move a... outside of mechanical engineering. anyone know what's going on? petition: arm university of minnesota students with bear mace to stop th... i survived #lockdown2013 and #gasleak2013, ama good places to work? which apartment complex (or house) is the most economical to live in? which apartment complex (or house) is the most economical to live in? can i drop a class from my transcript completely? student football tickets as an alumni underground caves underground caves stolen bike, help a fella out! stolen bike, help a fella out! best cscl or csph courses? two free tickets to tonight's gopher basketball game looking for prof tickets /r/carlson the university of minnesota's aperture law school offers a degree in la... the university of minnesota's aperture law school offers a degree in la... the university of minnesota's aperture law school offers a degree in la... the university of minnesota's aperture law school offers a degree in la... the university of minnesota's aperture law school offers a degree in la... the university of minnesota's aperture law school offers a degree in la... penn state guest tickets easy lectures to sit in on? library construction i am studying abroad and i need a spring sub leaser. odl biochemistry help! psych student question! and just like his lectures, everything fell into place... i have a stupid question. i have a stupid question. i have a stupid question. can we have a "best places to park on campus" megathread? great professors the mndaily is hiring a web developer. application closes friday. using a umd u card at a football game anyone studying abroad next year (specifically, spring 2015?) seen on top of williamson hall. he didn't say much. seen on top of williamson hall. he didn't say much. seen on top of williamson hall. he didn't say much. seen on top of williamson hall. he didn't say much. seen on top of williamson hall. he didn't say much. seen on top of williamson hall. he didn't say much. seen on top of williamson hall. he didn't say much. seen on top of williamson hall. he didn't say much. seen on top of williamson hall. he didn't say much. seen on top of williamson hall. he didn't say much. seen on top of williamson hall. he didn't say much. professors to avoid professors to avoid penn state student section football tix: $10 @ gophersports will a social life outside of class exist for me if i don't live on campus? anyone taken arth 3315 - the age of curiosity: art and knowledge in euro... has anyone taken la 1601/la 3601 - design and equity? u employee jumps to death inside nils hasselmo u employee jumps to death inside nils hasselmo u employee jumps to death inside nils hasselmo u employee jumps to death inside nils hasselmo the minnesota golden gophers will wear these stars and stripes decals o... the minnesota golden gophers will wear these stars and stripes decals o... the minnesota golden gophers will wear these stars and stripes decals o... easy upper division courses? selling: 2 midcourt, 5th row tickets to tonight's men's basketball game anyone know of any substitutes for mktg 3010, rm 4217, or ades 4215? or ... literature classes - any recommendations? looking for 2 student football tickets for penn state nov. 9th game. suggestions for a picture to hang with my grandfather's uofmn diploma i'm willing to pay someone to pretend to be my boyfriend on sunday. i'm willing to pay someone to pretend to be my boyfriend on sunday. i'm willing to pay someone to pretend to be my boyfriend on sunday. i'm willing to pay someone to pretend to be my boyfriend on sunday. shoe tree at washington st bridge best places to nap on campus? bless you hard times bless you hard times bless you hard times bless you hard times bless you hard times bless you hard times i have a friend who failed a course. what happens if he takes it again? ... help on phil 1004w st. anthony main apartments? (x-post r/minneapolis) what's the best course you've taken at u? what's the best course you've taken at u? hey alumni, i need a ticket to the 11/9 game vs penn state. gophers football becomes bowl eligible with 34-23 win over nebraska gophers football becomes bowl eligible with 34-23 win over nebraska gophers football becomes bowl eligible with 34-23 win over nebraska gophers football becomes bowl eligible with 34-23 win over nebraska gophers football becomes bowl eligible with 34-23 win over nebraska gophers football becomes bowl eligible with 34-23 win over nebraska gophers football becomes bowl eligible with 34-23 win over nebraska current pseo student, i need a little advice about getting into a class hey umn! check out what i saw rolling around campus :) hey umn! check out what i saw rolling around campus :) hey umn! check out what i saw rolling around campus :) hey umn! check out what i saw rolling around campus :) fire in the middle of dinky town fire in the middle of dinky town fire in the middle of dinky town fire in the middle of dinky town fire in the middle of dinky town fire in the middle of dinky town fire in the middle of dinky town fire in the middle of dinky town one ticket? what happened on washington ave. bridge? travel &amp; leisure says umn campus 14th ugliest i got to try out google glass today while at work! i got to try out google glass today while at work! i got to try out google glass today while at work! i got to try out google glass today while at work! i got to try out google glass today while at work! i got to try out google glass today while at work! interested in synthetic biology? come to a synthetic biology society (sb... the minnesota daily just posted an interview they did with me to the a&a... restaurant recommendations places where i can fax on campus? anyone need a ticket to alexis ohanion tonight? i have one. update on meetup with reddit co-founder alex ohanian tomorrow update on meetup with reddit co-founder alex ohanian tomorrow looking for contact information for landlords that others have liked! (a... live-action slender challenge on saint paul campus - are you brave enou... live-action slender challenge on saint paul campus - are you brave enou... live-action slender challenge on saint paul campus - are you brave enou... looking for tickets to the nebraska-minnesota game on saturday, wonderin... somebody just set one of the mall kiosks on fire. somebody just set one of the mall kiosks on fire. somebody just set one of the mall kiosks on fire. somebody just set one of the mall kiosks on fire. somebody just set one of the mall kiosks on fire. somebody just set one of the mall kiosks on fire. somebody just set one of the mall kiosks on fire. somebody just set one of the mall kiosks on fire. subleasing help? people who don't drink? people who don't drink? people who don't drink? reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is speaking at the bell museum on thur... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is speaking at the bell museum on thur... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is speaking at the bell museum on thur... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is speaking at the bell museum on thur... math 1271 tutors umpd got a two-fer this afternoon! umpd got a two-fer this afternoon! umpd got a two-fer this afternoon! umpd got a two-fer this afternoon! umpd got a two-fer this afternoon! umpd got a two-fer this afternoon! umpd got a two-fer this afternoon! are there any battle of the bands or open mics on campus? who did it? what are some easy minors to get? out of state summer courses looking to interview an scmc senior help on deciding a student job? free usenet? question about switching roommates has anyone tried to host a server using the dorm ethernet? anyone know of any ghost stories about/haunted places on campus? anyone know of any ghost stories about/haunted places on campus? favorite beers? people who have taken physics 1301w, do you have any tips? what is your favorite cafe on/near campus and why? have a quick question for people who have done urop in the past should we live in riverside plaza? getting out of a dorm housing contract? bae caught me sinnin bae caught me sinnin bae caught me sinnin bae caught me sinnin bae caught me sinnin bae caught me sinnin bae caught me sinnin i will literally pay someone to help me understand my stats assignment t... why are people in central minneapolis always offering me cigarettes? does anybody have any old furniture or a tv they could drop off? more in... what's the cheapest way to get from the airport to the campus? what's the cheapest way to get from the airport to the campus? roommate says he may move into a frat? what to do on a friday or weekend night? what to do on a friday or weekend night? putting out feelers--looking for someone with a very specific skill-set for using a fake i.d.? looking to sublease jan to march. anyone have an opening or ideas on whe... wtf west bank!? why do the stss elevators always smell like someone just hotboxed a blu... why do the stss elevators always smell like someone just hotboxed a blu... why do the stss elevators always smell like someone just hotboxed a blu... need a spring subleaser for stadium view does the varsity theatre card? pc help/computer club? what is the closest reputable swingers club to campus? the policy on file sharing... is taken that seriously? who hates iowa!? buffalo wild wings lol world finals viewing party! buffalo wild wings lol world finals viewing party! alright redditors, anybody wanna teach me how to longboard? for those of you in cse how many of you didn't have a 3.2 gpa going into... who's going to see alexis ohanian speak at the u of m on october 24th? who's going to see alexis ohanian speak at the u of m on october 24th? who's going to see alexis ohanian speak at the u of m on october 24th? where do umn -tc students buy art supplies? spring break ideas? they talked about tcf and the u of m on mpr's the daily circuit today. ... they talked about tcf and the u of m on mpr's the daily circuit today. ... what is the "summer internship program" that spoke at a lot of classes? anyone been seeing these pop up around dinkytown? anyone been seeing these pop up around dinkytown? anyone been seeing these pop up around dinkytown? anyone been seeing these pop up around dinkytown? how much are single game student football tickets? doran can go fuck themselves doran can go fuck themselves doran can go fuck themselves doran can go fuck themselves doran can go fuck themselves doran can go fuck themselves doran can go fuck themselves human vs zombies fall 2013 is coming. details in comments. easiest literature liberal ed requirement? anyone know if i can transfer my homecoming concert ticket? the university ymca program is looking for mentors; more information ins... our band's halftime show made it to the top of r/doctorwho. our band's halftime show made it to the top of r/doctorwho. our band's halftime show made it to the top of r/doctorwho. our band's halftime show made it to the top of r/doctorwho. our band's halftime show made it to the top of r/doctorwho. our band's halftime show made it to the top of r/doctorwho. our band's halftime show made it to the top of r/doctorwho. our band's halftime show made it to the top of r/doctorwho. the mn orchestra musicians are playing in ted mann concert hall on the u... do residence halls have vacuums and steam irons? cyclists/walkers/longboaders opinions: the green flower planters in fron... mndaily these crime alerts are getting out of control. why aren't police steppi... these crime alerts are getting out of control. why aren't police steppi... i signed up for a tcf account during welcome week like many others. what... cs phd application best way to get paid to do research? ask my pi or go through urop? how hard is it to get non-students into football games with a student ti... shoutout to the u of m in this askreddit post, i bike over the bridge e... shoutout to the u of m in this askreddit post, i bike over the bridge e... shoutout to the u of m in this askreddit post, i bike over the bridge e... shoutout to the u of m in this askreddit post, i bike over the bridge e... the hub - for all your file sharing needs. the more the merrier the hub - for all your file sharing needs. the more the merrier what to expect at a student job interview? did you know we get free access to lynda tutorials? race car design team new member meeting tomorrow night! details inside! bars that are lax on checking ids? any regular poker games looking for another player? or... anyone interes... if youre interested in irc(internet relay chat) view this thread any place to buy cigarettes on campus? [hiring] well connected university of minnesota student as a yoga pants ... woman dies after falling from 6th floor window of yudof hall woman dies after falling from 6th floor window of yudof hall going to a full class on the first day? going to a full class on the first day? best places near campus to grab breakfast? dining halls don't open until... if i'm in the dorms and using ethernet can they track me if i torrent? trick to getting a student job? google "umn csci" google "umn csci" google "umn csci" where can i get free condoms on campus? to anyone taking any jp(japanese) language course kn0thing, co-founder of reddit, will be here at the u on 10/24/13 kn0thing, co-founder of reddit, will be here at the u on 10/24/13 kn0thing, co-founder of reddit, will be here at the u on 10/24/13 kn0thing, co-founder of reddit, will be here at the u on 10/24/13 kn0thing, co-founder of reddit, will be here at the u on 10/24/13 i have a really dumb question on student jobs, please don't upvote. i have a really dumb question on student jobs, please don't upvote. i have a really dumb question on student jobs, please don't upvote. i have a really dumb question on student jobs, please don't upvote. i have a really dumb question on student jobs, please don't upvote. i have a really dumb question on student jobs, please don't upvote. so what's this "internship" that's being announced in lectures? csci 2021: i was just told to learn c by friday. questions about pe 1035 (karate), if anyone here's taken it. does anyone know how to sneak someone into the rec center without a u card? trying to find a copy of mechanics of materials 8th ed. (gere &amp; good... dorm dwellers! don't forget to set up your hub accounts! link in descri... dorm dwellers! don't forget to set up your hub accounts! link in descri... dorm dwellers! don't forget to set up your hub accounts! link in descri... textbook price comparison tool i created textbook price comparison tool i created textbook price comparison tool i created tcf stadium to host outdoor gophers-buckeyes hockey double-header (mens... tcf stadium to host outdoor gophers-buckeyes hockey double-header (mens... dnd group? happy first day of classes, everybody! happy first day of classes, everybody! happy first day of classes, everybody! happy first day of classes, everybody! where to mingle on campus? i did a video of tips for freshman at the "u". how do you think i did? study spots on friday and saturday nights? wanted: university of minnesota undergrad research volunteers (plant / c... any places to park that's free and open after 5? how does the university feel about torrenting? state fair meet up? is there like some student club fair? would any of you be interested in a geocaching group on campus? would any of you be interested in a geocaching group on campus? ysk about all these free* things you can get with a .edu email address ... ysk about all these free* things you can get with a .edu email address ... ysk about all these free* things you can get with a .edu email address ... gopher football gopher football is very profitable. passion pit for homecoming 2013 passion pit for homecoming 2013 passion pit for homecoming 2013 passion pit for homecoming 2013 umn needs a new fight song like oregons! feeling homesick is there a place on campus with free printing? place to buy dorm plants is it just me or is the water really hard? is it just me or is the water really hard? joining a club as a non-student? i graduated in may. can i still go to the rec? chances of a freshman getting into yudof hall. party school? bailey hall / west bank gym partner what's your favorite place to poop on campus? what's your favorite place to poop on campus? what's your favorite place to poop on campus? buying books off amazon looking for one more roommate [biol 2005 - animal diversity lab] need to buy the manual? buy a book on amazon and sell it back to the u ? interest in a hip-hop/rap related student group loosely centered around... interest in a hip-hop/rap related student group loosely centered around... i don't know how to gym, but i'd like to get in better shape. does the u... best value on/near the university of minnesota campus for a studio. still trying to find a place for the coming school year. looking to hire a part-time nanny former ca/ra here - ama about how not to get in trouble question about longboards question about longboards questions about dining hall food and public sex. new non-traditional transfer student checking out campus for the first t... anybody in the pharmacology graduate program? student athlete compensation student athlete compensation parking - help! is it just me or do these pokemon seem to show a little gopher spirit? is it just me or do these pokemon seem to show a little gopher spirit? is it just me or do these pokemon seem to show a little gopher spirit? is it just me or do these pokemon seem to show a little gopher spirit? what do we get to keep after graduation??? new students: welcome to the university of minnesota! ask us anything. ... new students: welcome to the university of minnesota! ask us anything. ... new students: welcome to the university of minnesota! ask us anything. ... new students: welcome to the university of minnesota! ask us anything. ... new students: welcome to the university of minnesota! ask us anything. ... new students: welcome to the university of minnesota! ask us anything. ... pianos on campus. looking for a xxfitness buddy looking for a xxfitness buddy employment opportunity at vue (overnights) do people like it? do people like it? when do i pay for housing what is going to u of m as a transfer student like? active ent-ertainment? pictures of the brand new 17th avenue dorm on university ave pictures of the brand new 17th avenue dorm on university ave pictures of the brand new 17th avenue dorm on university ave pictures of the brand new 17th avenue dorm on university ave pictures of the brand new 17th avenue dorm on university ave pictures of the brand new 17th avenue dorm on university ave experienced undergraduate student it technicians needed! question on centen uofm capture the flag team (infosec, not the running around type) uofm capture the flag team (infosec, not the running around type) question about winter footwear? do football players get free scooters? do football players get free scooters? umn greek life working for university dining services? university of minnesota research reveals luxury products' role in relati... how strong is the wireless coverage on campus? is skyo legitimate? thoughts on perkins levin property management? time lapse of the 17th avenue residence hall being built (bottom of page) the u reports that it's technology helped launch 14 startups this year..... welcome week required? best way to transfer money from abroad? why can't we wear sleeveless shirts in the athletic facilities? $510 bedroom in nice 2 bedroom apartment on 12th como students caught having sex in the bell museum students caught having sex in the bell museum students caught having sex in the bell museum has anyone taken cnes 3081w "classical epic in translation"? rochester campus fee. blood cancer benefit show hosted by umn student! at the beat in uptown anyone take sco 2550 (business statistics: data sources, presentation, a... expanded housing university village selling my ti-89 titanium. if you could do it all over again... if you could do it all over again... spotted this in the basement of blegen. spotted this in the basement of blegen. spotted this in the basement of blegen. spotted this in the basement of blegen. do you have to start the cla language requirement freshman year? are there any hobby shops on or near campus? why i love moodle. why i love moodle. why i love moodle. easiest biology lib ed course? anyone taken me3332 with jiarong hong? pot politics could heat up soon in minnesota pot politics could heat up soon in minnesota working at the bookstore? help with windows rt can i get into cse? getting into symphonic band? storage units around the u? students create a "yelp" review site for rental properties around the u students create a "yelp" review site for rental properties around the u students create a "yelp" review site for rental properties around the u what are some exciting freshman seminars? hello golden gophers, i'm a reddit co-founder and i've written a book &... hello golden gophers, i'm a reddit co-founder and i've written a book &... hello golden gophers, i'm a reddit co-founder and i've written a book &... hello golden gophers, i'm a reddit co-founder and i've written a book &... hello golden gophers, i'm a reddit co-founder and i've written a book &... hello golden gophers, i'm a reddit co-founder and i've written a book &... hello golden gophers, i'm a reddit co-founder and i've written a book &... does anyone know if you can charge goldy's locker room purchases to your... first train to run under its own power thursday at the uofm first train to run under its own power thursday at the uofm cfans -&gt; cse? has anyone here taken span 3015? a site where you can see the data from course and instructor evaluations... need a roommate? you can check your financial aid status before the u emails it to you. any tips on essential things to bring for someone from california going ... /r/uofmn class reviews are now live! /r/uofmn class reviews are now live! /r/uofmn class reviews are now live! what are good ways to advertise math tutoring? multicultural kickoff any little tips for incoming freshmen? any little tips for incoming freshmen? the westboro baptists are coming to rochester. what do you think about ... the westboro baptists are coming to rochester. what do you think about ... carlson student groups? how many of you out there are concerned about the student debt crisis? desperately need a roommate to fill my lease, even for just fall semester. desperately need a roommate to fill my lease, even for just fall semester. u of mn voted top lgbt-friendly campus u of mn voted top lgbt-friendly campus u of mn voted top lgbt-friendly campus u of mn voted top lgbt-friendly campus u of mn voted top lgbt-friendly campus favorite place to hang out on west bank? favorite place to hang out on west bank? best coffee on campus? messenger bag or backpack? is the umn marching band worth the time? social start-up looking for gopher android developers student performers needed for bits variety shows! west bank maps gophers outline plan for $190 million in sports facility upgrades are there any covered bike racks around campus to use for free? anyone know how to access the roof of the chateau? board gamers dnd subgroup? questions about text: modern physics, 6th ed. looking to get in shape for free? looking to get in shape for free? interesting elective suggestions does anyone know if there's anything to do on the 4th of july? questions about ast 2001 late night cookie delivery coming to the u neighborhood late night cookie delivery coming to the u neighborhood late night cookie delivery coming to the u neighborhood west bank parking? is mike gould back? is mike gould back? uofmn professor and clinical trial disaster uofmn professor and clinical trial disaster i discovered that the image wikipedia uses for an example of a resume i... i discovered that the image wikipedia uses for an example of a resume i... fill out this survey about pro soccer in minnesota! the shoes on the washington avenue bridge luxury apartments continue to change life at the u of m luxury apartments continue to change life at the u of m does anyone know if the umpd sell bikes they've cut off the racks at the... repost from /r/science; though it was cool to see the u on there! repost from /r/science; though it was cool to see the u on there! prism protest lost at the rec we want your opinion on redesigning it support. best bank to open an account with? do freshmen ever get apartments? tips for living in yudof? anything i need to know? meet up? meet up? major/minor questions for a freshman nasa sends us a tape. [x-post from r/thriftstorehauls] sua's 404 page sua's 404 page sua's 404 page sua's 404 page sua's 404 page off campus biol 1009 anything i can do at the u now to start meeting people? csci 1103 intro to java: worth it? gov. dayton signs into law request by u of m to fund tuition freeze, en... gov. dayton signs into law request by u of m to fund tuition freeze, en... gov. dayton signs into law request by u of m to fund tuition freeze, en... wanting to contact professors for undergrad research work for the summer... carlson students: what has been your experience with the laptop program?... i will be spending two months in centennial hall this summer and i've ne... how do i find a 5 digit course number? chem 2 supplies seeking assistance -- probably from an undergraduate student in the twin... advice needed for an incoming transfer (please help) student bands? anyone know if the campus connector is running tomorrow? congrats to the new graduates! congrats to the new graduates! anyone who is done with finals or doesn't have one scheduled for saturd... anyone who is done with finals or doesn't have one scheduled for saturd... anyone who is done with finals or doesn't have one scheduled for saturd... anyone who is done with finals or doesn't have one scheduled for saturd... found cat in dinkytown! longboard stolen longboard stolen longboard stolen cis removal looking for someone to sublease apt. in argyle mn senate passes same-sex marriage bill; gov. dayton to sign it into la... mn senate passes same-sex marriage bill; gov. dayton to sign it into la... mn senate passes same-sex marriage bill; gov. dayton to sign it into la... mn senate passes same-sex marriage bill; gov. dayton to sign it into la... mn senate passes same-sex marriage bill; gov. dayton to sign it into la... mn senate passes same-sex marriage bill; gov. dayton to sign it into la... mn senate passes same-sex marriage bill; gov. dayton to sign it into la... cse transfer student question executive compensation: president kaler received $653,235, ranking him 3... who did this? who did this? who did this? can anybody tell me about honorsociety.org? do cas get drug tested? same sex-marriage passes minnesota house of representatives 75-59 same sex-marriage passes minnesota house of representatives 75-59 same sex-marriage passes minnesota house of representatives 75-59 same sex-marriage passes minnesota house of representatives 75-59 same sex-marriage passes minnesota house of representatives 75-59 how i'm feeling today how i'm feeling today how i'm feeling today how i'm feeling today vikings to pay u $3m per season to use tcf bank stadium while their stad... it's about that time of the semester. what are some good eateries around... did you know macgyver went to the u? did you know macgyver went to the u? did you know macgyver went to the u? did you know macgyver went to the u? did you know macgyver went to the u? did you know macgyver went to the u? did you know macgyver went to the u? did you know macgyver went to the u? need to get tested for hiv/stds the entitlement of carlson students the entitlement of carlson students the entitlement of carlson students the entitlement of carlson students the entitlement of carlson students the entitlement of carlson students what's it like being a cs research assistant? advanced parking theory advanced parking theory looking for an app developer (apple/android) best contract parking options near dinkytown gandalf visit requests gandalf visit requests gandalf visit requests ama request: gandalf ama request: gandalf subreddit style isn't compatible with res subreddit style isn't compatible with res how i feel as a senior getting the seru survey i need help from undergrads! can you take this quick survey for my schoo... so... moodle. so... moodle. so... moodle. so... moodle. thoughts on dinnaken properties? thoughts on dinnaken properties? has anyone take pa 4101? how different is bioc 2011 from bioc 3021? anyone need a summer job? anyone need a summer job? panorama from the gopher spring game [x-post /r/cfb] panorama from the gopher spring game [x-post /r/cfb] panorama from the gopher spring game [x-post /r/cfb] geog 1403, phys 1001w or ast 1001 thank you thank you how are honors courses (especially 1xxx and 2xxx ones) different from re... be wary of sketchy internship offers, especially csom and business majo... be wary of sketchy internship offers, especially csom and business majo... be wary of sketchy internship offers, especially csom and business majo... did anybody else know it was this fast? did anybody else know it was this fast? did anybody else know it was this fast? springjam's battle of the bands on friday compiled list of study spaces &amp; their amenities compiled list of study spaces &amp; their amenities for all you cse students who want to become involved in the college, you... how's the gym at umn? how's the gym at umn? incoming freshman with a few questions looking for summer sublease shameless plug for the university hacker olympics: programmers who are c... judgmental mpls neighborhood map judgmental mpls neighborhood map judgmental mpls neighborhood map has anyone done the urop before? if so, could you elaborate on how you m... cse calc iii (math 2373) vs. cla calc iii (math 2243) upcoming ama with dr. lowell hellervik, u of m grad, former ceo of pdi n... how does the university pick the order of registration? admitted student here, i have a few questions. campus connector i was recently addmitted and apparently "you are not eligible for a umn ... if you were every wary of middlebrook's uds... if you were every wary of middlebrook's uds... if you were every wary of middlebrook's uds... if you were every wary of middlebrook's uds... question on scholarships for an incoming freshman someone is getting fed up with the northrop construction someone is getting fed up with the northrop construction someone is getting fed up with the northrop construction someone is getting fed up with the northrop construction someone is getting fed up with the northrop construction someone is getting fed up with the northrop construction someone is getting fed up with the northrop construction somebody couldn't wait for tea house. somebody couldn't wait for tea house. somebody couldn't wait for tea house. car drives into tea garden restaurant car drives into tea garden restaurant car drives into tea garden restaurant i'm looking to apply here. what are some cool things about this school ... i'm looking to apply here. what are some cool things about this school ... coming to visit anyone need a place for the summer? graduating seniors who ordered their caps &amp; gown to be picked up at ... graphic design majors, have you had any classes where it was necessary t... u of mn on the daily show w/ john stewart (wrestler joel bauman eligibi... u of mn on the daily show w/ john stewart (wrestler joel bauman eligibi... u of mn on the daily show w/ john stewart (wrestler joel bauman eligibi... u of mn on the daily show w/ john stewart (wrestler joel bauman eligibi... u of mn on the daily show w/ john stewart (wrestler joel bauman eligibi... anyone in mn understands... anyone in mn understands... snowmen in april, only in minnesota snowmen in april, only in minnesota snowmen in april, only in minnesota snowmen in april, only in minnesota snowmen in april, only in minnesota snowmen in april, only in minnesota has anyone taken the online math 1272 (calc ii) class? thinking about taking genetics (4003) over the summer, is it important t... continuing the springfest fiasco, phillip phillips gets booked by st. th... looking for a easy or fun class. looking for class suggestions spring jam lineup announced. headliner mat kearney, thoughts? looking to get a fixed gear bike, anyone know a good place? campus connector campus connector campus connector campus connector campus connector campus connector campus connector campus connector campus connector still looking for housing for fall 2013? hit me up! u of mn rotc summer jobs? vladimir cherkassky/ee4389w? anyone want to be interviewed about sex education? i've always felt bad for this girl i've always felt bad for this girl i've always felt bad for this girl i've always felt bad for this girl i've always felt bad for this girl grad students: please vote in the gapsa election! anyone taken the online acct 2050 (introduction to financial reporting) ... looking to register for interesting classes? looking for a freshman roommate i'm trying to hook my phone to umn mail any help with it? ocarina of minnesota ocarina of minnesota ocarina of minnesota thoughts on the carlson school of management? hey guys/girls, i know you probably get this a lot around here, but look... i got curious and added a wiki to our subreddit. we'll see how it goes. places to have sex on campus? places to have sex on campus? places to have sex on campus? places to have sex on campus? do upasses still work if they are punctured? hiring dev/it interns (good paying, not restricted to cs majors) sources -- minnesota golden gophers reach agreement with richard pitino... sources -- minnesota golden gophers reach agreement with richard pitino... rat alert (x-post r/wtf) rat alert (x-post r/wtf) rat alert (x-post r/wtf) play video games, eat free pizza, and compete for prizes worth over $350... u loses money on beer sales at tcf... advantages/disadvantages of an llc? anyone want to sell two of their guest passes for cla graduation at mari... u of m researchers find cure for bieber fever u of m researchers find cure for bieber fever u of m researchers find cure for bieber fever u of m researchers find cure for bieber fever official announcement: what are your thoughts on posts looking for rooma... i know this is a stretch, but we really need roomies anybody need housing for next year? githubbers of the uofmn anyone know of any good online classes to fulfill lib ed requirements? roomates needed!! hey gophers, where are your favorite bathrooms on campus? hey gophers, where are your favorite bathrooms on campus? any child psych majors have any experiences with directed research (cpsy... how tough is it to transfer from the college of liberal arts to carlson? game of thrones anyone? game of thrones anyone? apparently oto osenieks was wearing his pants backwards on friday... apparently oto osenieks was wearing his pants backwards on friday... apparently oto osenieks was wearing his pants backwards on friday... anyone know about the housing studies major? where to park? [psa] don't be stupid around the light rail [psa] don't be stupid around the light rail minnesota's quiz bowl team has been awarded the 2009 and 2011 national ... minnesota's quiz bowl team has been awarded the 2009 and 2011 national ... u of m is pictured on the front page of yahoo, too bad its of a wrestle... u of m is pictured on the front page of yahoo, too bad its of a wrestle... u of m is pictured on the front page of yahoo, too bad its of a wrestle... u of m is pictured on the front page of yahoo, too bad its of a wrestle... u of m is pictured on the front page of yahoo, too bad its of a wrestle... comstock flood? comstock flood? personal webpages? public service announcement! please read and upvote so people can see! public service announcement! please read and upvote so people can see! public service announcement! please read and upvote so people can see! public service announcement! please read and upvote so people can see! public service announcement! please read and upvote so people can see! i'm a junior in high school and considering the university of minnesota.... what i thought of when i saw the cover what i thought of when i saw the cover anybody want to join the /r/collegebasketball bracket challenge and repr... just a question for you guys... i would like to organize a hookah meetup. survey inside. what are some clubs or things that happen at the university of mn that c... little bit of a stretch, but i found someone's lanyard with keys in the... little bit of a stretch, but i found someone's lanyard with keys in the... little bit of a stretch, but i found someone's lanyard with keys in the... two free advance screening tickets to olympus has fallen for tues 3/12 i think i have a broken rib. does boynton take care of that? or do i nee... anyone know who started the university of minnesota secret admirers page... middlebrook hall room raided by fbi middlebrook hall room raided by fbi middlebrook hall room raided by fbi middlebrook hall room raided by fbi anyone know what happened in the mechanical engineering building this a... anyone know what happened in the mechanical engineering building this a... things to do before visiting campus? so it looks like most other schools get the day off... places to study downtown? housing options for future grad student with a spouse? roommate +1 cse printing via command line? is it worth living in an unfurnished apartment? i want to party with you guys! (and, you know, have a place to live too) i'll be a cheme freshman next year, but i have all my lib eds done, so i... oreo separating machine! part 2 oreo separating machine! part 2 oreo separating machine! part 2 save dinkytown! save dinkytown! save dinkytown! introduction to econometric prerequisites? (econ 4261) field house entrance(s)? looking for a male to sublet my room summer 2013! como area what are some nature or environmental clubs that meet at u of mn? does anyone ever watch the security cameras on the washington ave. bridge? we beat #1 indiana!!! we beat #1 indiana!!! we beat #1 indiana!!! we beat #1 indiana!!! we beat #1 indiana!!! we beat #1 indiana!!! we beat #1 indiana!!! jefferson at berry? can i get a fuck yes?!?! can i get a fuck yes?!?! can i get a fuck yes?!?! what are some 'acceptable' places to nap/sleep/pass-out on campus? looking for one (or two) more roommates for a 5 bedroom house in a good ... walter library's water? what are the best and worst aspects of your college? was anyone on this sub waitlisted and then accepted? in need of a female roommate to move in on march 1st. in a bit of a panic. my new moodle profile picture my new moodle profile picture my new moodle profile picture my new moodle profile picture homeless in dinkytown: latasha and jack homeless in dinkytown: latasha and jack homeless in dinkytown: latasha and jack coffman piano player shi u mah shi u mah shi u mah shi u mah shi u mah residents of se como: neighborhood public planning meeting, 2/21/13, 6:3... serious question here guys... how do these "premier student apartments" ... question about selling back u of m custom edition books i love it when residential halls can't even spell their own name correctly i love it when residential halls can't even spell their own name correctly i love it when residential halls can't even spell their own name correctly i love it when residential halls can't even spell their own name correctly i love it when residential halls can't even spell their own name correctly i love it when residential halls can't even spell their own name correctly the uofmn classroom finder - study room locator application the uofmn classroom finder - study room locator application the uofmn classroom finder - study room locator application the uofmn classroom finder - study room locator application would you personally  recommend living in the dorms or off campus during... any guys need a roommate for next year? umn harlem shake umn harlem shake umn harlem shake umn harlem shake umn harlem shake umn harlem shake umn harlem shake i know there was a post for a pay it forward tour meeting, but i'm wonde... (x-post from /r/minnesota) vikings will play 2014, 2015 seasons in tcf ... (x-post from /r/minnesota) vikings will play 2014, 2015 seasons in tcf ... is it even possible for a freshman to get a urop? so the u wants to jump on the harlem shake train in case you want to be... so the u wants to jump on the harlem shake train in case you want to be... internet options when living in como... what should i go with? trying to get around campus trying to get around campus trying to get around campus trying to get around campus so does anyone know why typing coffman in the address bar on u internet... so does anyone know why typing coffman in the address bar on u internet... anti-valentine's day meetup? good location on campus for a phone interview? maybe this has already been answered, but what the hell makes these tra... maybe this has already been answered, but what the hell makes these tra... any ma-hrir students/grads here?  any idea if i can renew my driver's license at the hennepin office at th... suggestions for places to live for a grad student? does anyone know if it's possible to get another 2016-cse-freshman shirt... anyone here in the umn plays dota 2? interested in a career in advertising? check out the 2013 student advert... so i've been working on my photoshop skills... so i've been working on my photoshop skills... so i've been working on my photoshop skills... so i've been working on my photoshop skills... so i've been working on my photoshop skills... so i've been working on my photoshop skills... so i've been working on my photoshop skills... so i've been working on my photoshop skills... so i've been working on my photoshop skills... so i've been working on my photoshop skills... so i've been working on my photoshop skills... anyone living in grandmarc seven corners? play video games, eat snacks, and win $200 in raffle prizes whenever someone new shows up on the hub with &gt;1 tb of data. whenever someone new shows up on the hub with &gt;1 tb of data. whenever someone new shows up on the hub with &gt;1 tb of data. check to see if your textbooks are here before you pay waaaay too much. recent graduate here, and looking for a place to stay on campus. anyone ... looking for a roommate for next year, 2013-2014 school year!  appropriate student use of class notes and course materials girl scout cookies girl scout cookies signed up for a class on saturday, the professor wants me to come up wit... friend took this wonderful pic in superblock, thought i should share friend took this wonderful pic in superblock, thought i should share friend took this wonderful pic in superblock, thought i should share friend took this wonderful pic in superblock, thought i should share friend took this wonderful pic in superblock, thought i should share friend took this wonderful pic in superblock, thought i should share friend took this wonderful pic in superblock, thought i should share looking for a student with rails experience and work study pay it forward spring break trip best place to watch a sunset on campus? overheard (xpost from fb group) overheard (xpost from fb group) overheard (xpost from fb group) overheard (xpost from fb group) does anyone know the story of the big silent guy that is always wiping d... iama university of minnesota security monitor amaa iama university of minnesota security monitor amaa places to eat bag lunch on campus  my inbox is flooded... my inbox is flooded... my inbox is flooded... my inbox is flooded... my inbox is flooded... my inbox is flooded... my inbox is flooded... my inbox is flooded... cheap living places. dinkytown bicycle path meeting tonight to discuss a new path to the sto... dinkytown bicycle path meeting tonight to discuss a new path to the sto... grade basis pros&amp;cons? incoming freshman from texas. anything i need to know? incoming freshman from texas. anything i need to know? i'm a freshman studying computer science. i just learned that the progra... do we have laboratory classes the first week of class or is it the same ... this is kind of a stretch, but does anybody here need a place to live n... this is kind of a stretch, but does anybody here need a place to live n... writing 1301 vs 1401 would it be a good idea to skip the freshman writing course? is there anyone out there who would be willing to help me with the pytho... umn student knowledge exchange! umn student knowledge exchange! huron blvd and fulton st intersection is a death trap huron blvd and fulton st intersection is a death trap huron blvd and fulton st intersection is a death trap has anyone donated plasma on campus? bookrenter coupon codes for cheaper textbooks this semester. please come check out the gopher sports subreddit! please come check out the gopher sports subreddit! these are collectively known as the fap rooms on campus by the fms (fac... these are collectively known as the fap rooms on campus by the fms (fac... thoughts on the new 17th ave. residence hall? using the book rental option #9 minnesota beats #18 michigan state to open b1g play! #9 minnesota beats #18 michigan state to open b1g play! #9 minnesota beats #18 michigan state to open b1g play! #9 minnesota beats #18 michigan state to open b1g play! wsj: overgrown administrative costs at umn wsj: overgrown administrative costs at umn best way to meet new people? yahoo sports predicts gophers will get smashed in the meineke car care b... question for anyone with student gopher hoops tickets. is u football a work of art? can anyone tell me how hard of a course load this is? (cbs) watch out for sellmybooks.com! watch out for sellmybooks.com! watch out for sellmybooks.com! you've got a s.o.- i've got a hell of a way to impress them on valentine... just out of curiosity.... pussies pussies pussies pussies pussies pussies to catch them is my real test, but finals come first to catch them is my real test, but finals come first to catch them is my real test, but finals come first band plays in the back of a campus connector (angry driver at the end) band plays in the back of a campus connector (angry driver at the end) band plays in the back of a campus connector (angry driver at the end) how can i set up my email with my mac? very clever, cdes. very clever, cdes. very clever, cdes. anyone in st. paul need a roommate? does the campus connector stop running this week on a certain day? hey, would any of you know anything about the dance program here? textbook rentals ridiculous and unnecessary video about cbs student services moving to th... had to dig the bike out of a snowbank, but i got one last ride in along... had to dig the bike out of a snowbank, but i got one last ride in along... had to dig the bike out of a snowbank, but i got one last ride in along... how much of calculus 2 do you used in stats 3021? soon to be cbs freshman. i have a few questions! please help a future go... go home bus, you're drunk. go home bus, you're drunk. go home bus, you're drunk. go home bus, you're drunk. go home bus, you're drunk. go home bus, you're drunk. go home bus, you're drunk. go home bus, you're drunk. go home bus, you're drunk. go home bus, you're drunk. do professors have the ability to know whether you're taking a course a-... has anyone taken biol 1010? how long are the language entrance proficiency tests valid for? where can i find free printing on campus? saw this on como after this first big snow storm! saw this on como after this first big snow storm! saw this on como after this first big snow storm! saw this on como after this first big snow storm! saw this on como after this first big snow storm! saw this on como after this first big snow storm! saw this on como after this first big snow storm! saw this on como after this first big snow storm! saw this on como after this first big snow storm! x-post from r/funny: happy hanukkah! can you find this near campus, bru... x-post from r/funny: happy hanukkah! can you find this near campus, bru... x-post from r/funny: happy hanukkah! can you find this near campus, bru... opinion on the following for winter wear come see hundreds of student-designed robots! me2011 robot show- monday... come see hundreds of student-designed robots! me2011 robot show- monday... best housing landlords/companies? best way to get to msp airport? marble sorting robot- me2011 project housing application which class is more demanding... or sounds better for that matter- unive... regarding "winterbreakjobs.com," it is a scam. regarding "winterbreakjobs.com," it is a scam. regarding "winterbreakjobs.com," it is a scam. regarding "winterbreakjobs.com," it is a scam. regarding "winterbreakjobs.com," it is a scam. regarding "winterbreakjobs.com," it is a scam. regarding "winterbreakjobs.com," it is a scam. what places are there to go to in the daytime that's a walkable distance... always hate this question... always hate this question... always hate this question... always hate this question... always hate this question... always hate this question... always hate this question... always hate this question... do s-n classes count towards gpa? bathroom graffiti on the st. paul campus  bathroom graffiti on the st. paul campus  bathroom graffiti on the st. paul campus  would anyone be interested in a free &amp; open source software student ... has anyone heard of/know anything about the housing studies major? "east bridge" illustration, original photo in comments "east bridge" illustration, original photo in comments "east bridge" illustration, original photo in comments "east bridge" illustration, original photo in comments a special tumblr blog for us douchebags can someone explain auditing a class? are there mac computers available for student use on campus? living learning community question what do you guys think about the industrial and systems engineering major? i lost something important to me today in coffman. reward offered if yo... i lost something important to me today in coffman. reward offered if yo... i lost something important to me today in coffman. reward offered if yo... i lost something important to me today in coffman. reward offered if yo... i lost something important to me today in coffman. reward offered if yo... 2nd annual cse winter light show - 100,000 led lights on the civil engi... 2nd annual cse winter light show - 100,000 led lights on the civil engi... help a potential gopher out? til the multicolored panels on the riverside plaza were put there for a... til the multicolored panels on the riverside plaza were put there for a... i'm transferring here in the spring for pre-graphic design. should i go ... the bathrooms in the vincent hall basement level are classy as fuck... ... the bathrooms in the vincent hall basement level are classy as fuck... ... the bathrooms in the vincent hall basement level are classy as fuck... ... the bathrooms in the vincent hall basement level are classy as fuck... ... cse: which calculus after calc ii (1372) for an engineer? east bridge east bridge east bridge east bridge what are some good hiding spots on campus?  is there a way to opt out of advertising emails for my u address? any thoughts on phys 1001w: energy and the environment, ast 1001: explor... what are the grade cutoffs for cse upper division? i know the guaranteed... anybody into xcskiing and want to know where to go? is anybody else having problems with moodle? if not, who do i ask for help? if you were in the "vote no" campaign... if you were in the "vote no" campaign... if you were in the "vote no" campaign... if you were in the "vote no" campaign... if you were in the "vote no" campaign... if you were in the "vote no" campaign... if you were in the "vote no" campaign... u of m students! what concerns do you guys have? any easy writing intensive or liberal education courses?  "do the gopher" - the videos are too funny "do the gopher" - the videos are too funny how to get out of the dorms contract?  reddit, gophers after dark is looking to reinvent itself, please give yo... interested in living in como, but unsure where to start... help make the u of m a nicer place to live! ...or at least help my proje... what's the deal with the fences on the mall? please check out our new subreddit r/theb1g for news and discussion abou... what building is this? for everyone who's taken fr 1101 dendrology, how the hell did you surviv... these next few weeks are going to be rocky, does anyone have suggestions... looking to sublease for spring  wisconsin, minnesota use tuition reciprocity to lure best students jerry kill suffered another seizure against michigan state- reports say ... dre hollins drops 41 in upset win against #19 memphis dre hollins drops 41 in upset win against #19 memphis tailgating? where's the place to be? i'm lost..... is cse advising in lind or shepherd labs? i've read both o... sticking around campus this week? thanksgiving eve rock and roll at the ... i'm a freshman getting ready to register on the 26th. how do i know who ... is anybody here either currently in or a graduate of the masters in fina... what are some sites that help you when you are stuck choosing between tw... high school senior from california. what are some of the best programs/m... gophers' aj barker quits and will transfer because of alleged mistreatm... gophers' aj barker quits and will transfer because of alleged mistreatm... gophers' aj barker quits and will transfer because of alleged mistreatm... looking for people to play lol with will using the hub give me a virus? will i be expelled if i'm caught usi... how i feel every morning walking towards the campus connector bus stop how i feel every morning walking towards the campus connector bus stop how i feel every morning walking towards the campus connector bus stop how i feel every morning walking towards the campus connector bus stop how i feel every morning walking towards the campus connector bus stop how i feel every morning walking towards the campus connector bus stop computer engineering and computer science strongly considering transferring to the u of m next year. how's your c... strongly considering transferring to the u of m next year. how's your c... ta interview need some help. what are some really awesome classes i can take? the cse1001 class is kicking my ass. i'm thinking about using my drop on... question about one time only class drop what are some really easy classes i can take? hey guys, if you, or anyone you know, needs a place this spring, i need ... what are the campus connector bus drivers writing down on their clipboa... what are the campus connector bus drivers writing down on their clipboa... anyone taking phil 1004w? professors for next year: has anyone had svitlana mayboroda for math? minnesota votes no on both voter id and the marriage amendment. minnesota votes no on both voter id and the marriage amendment. minnesota votes no on both voter id and the marriage amendment. minnesota votes no on both voter id and the marriage amendment. minnesota votes no on both voter id and the marriage amendment. minnesota votes no on both voter id and the marriage amendment. minnesota votes no on both voter id and the marriage amendment. i went home to vote today, but the minnesota daily has an article sayin... i went home to vote today, but the minnesota daily has an article sayin... is there somewhere i can fax something on campus? as someone who doesn't like wearing their political agenda on their sle... as someone who doesn't like wearing their political agenda on their sle... as someone who doesn't like wearing their political agenda on their sle... as someone who doesn't like wearing their political agenda on their sle... i'm a cse freshman that's not doing so well first semester. what happens... has anyone stayed at seven corners apt. near west campus? got 10 minutes? please take a short survey to help me with my senior the... has anyone tried the uberman sleep schedule?  has anyone tried the uberman sleep schedule?  bill clinton will be at the u tommorrow! bill clinton will be at the u tommorrow! need an interviewee from a different culture looking for place to live for the 2013 spring semester. looking for a place to live spring 2013... are there tutoring resources besides the smart learning commons? is this a scam? hey guys, let's not vandalize campus. hey guys, let's not vandalize campus. hey guys, let's not vandalize campus. hey guys, let's not vandalize campus. hey guys, let's not vandalize campus. reminder: meet up is tomorrow, october 18th at 5 pm on the grass in fro... reminder: meet up is tomorrow, october 18th at 5 pm on the grass in fro... the collegiate dota 2 league is now accepting preregistration for their ... hey, anyone in yudof, i am willing to help motivate! hey, anyone in yudof, i am willing to help motivate!