 spring book exchange u of u business scholars? is there anywhere to swim on campus? new sub for u of u cs students r/uofucs late acceptance letters just got my acceptance what are your plans for spring break? just visited the u and i'm pretty stoked on it. i guess i have a few que... please, we need your support. vote team unite in to asuu student governm... open student it position looking for a fine arts class recomendation for this summer smokin' grass in an igloo. that's how u students party. smokin' grass in an igloo. that's how u students party. smokin' grass in an igloo. that's how u students party. two questions - anatomy during summer and biochem! what are some things that you wished you were told as an incoming freshman? library computers and final cut pro/adobe premier looking to buy neil degrasse tyson tickets 2/21/2014 campus websites down ysk if you ever feel unsafe walking on campus, the u provides a safety ... ysk if you ever feel unsafe walking on campus, the u provides a safety ... ysk if you ever feel unsafe walking on campus, the u provides a safety ... gyms on campus? any programmers interested in getting in on a ground-level startup with ... there are scumbags on campus -- be alert and stay safe there are scumbags on campus -- be alert and stay safe there are scumbags on campus -- be alert and stay safe there are scumbags on campus -- be alert and stay safe there are scumbags on campus -- be alert and stay safe how to unsubscribe from emails? freshman looking for any other peers in/going for an eae major for roomm... any frenchies going to the u next year? how i feel walking across campus during student body elections how i feel walking across campus during student body elections how i feel walking across campus during student body elections [warmer weather psa] as it gets warmer, we're going to start seeing more... wifi in shorline ridge duplex for rent near liberty park! [$750/mo] u of u should keep the ute nickname u of u should keep the ute nickname psa: please do not walk on the bicycle paths. there's a war going on on campus! incoming freshman dorm help! incoming freshman dorm help! chartwells has student arrested for refilling coffee!? uofu must do's uofu must do's places to eat on campus support our campus and win great prizes! ap credit categories free daytime parking around the u? anyone in dr. himle' psychology 1010 class looking for a study partner? don't forget: free firecracker chicken at panda express on january 31st! racquet ball tuesdays &amp; thursdays 11-noon at the field house. incoming freshman chapel glen or gateway heights utah basketball upsets #25 ucla 74-69 utah basketball upsets #25 ucla 74-69 utah basketball upsets #25 ucla 74-69 applying for instate tution cs 1410 &amp; 2420 section 20 i just got accepted! i just got accepted! i just got accepted! where is your favorite place to study? found in the ground floor, south side, library bathroom. art class recommendation gold bus at night looking for a american civilization 1700 foner textbook or a linear alge... best bathroom on campus? best bathroom on campus? guy makes mid-conversation confessions outside the marriott library (x-p... anyone willing to be a workout buddy? everyone - how was your first day of spring semester? 1/6/14 10 a.m. cis is down anyone know how to connect the tv's to the internet? [unofficial] book exchange, i need a book, feel free to add requests on ... number one video game program? u of u study finds more liquor stores needed u of u study finds more liquor stores needed u of u study finds more liquor stores needed help me find a photo of my dad: class of '77 alternative spring break mr.miyagi? the utah -skatin- utes! the utah -skatin- utes! websites to help with studying over finals? uofu now cooking without gas. ois 2340? parking ticket appeals join mgt 1010 for a fun, informative, and easy class. looking for tennis partner course evaluations have you seen our friend? need some help getting accepted. general education classes? skipping cs 1400 with ap cs room for rent; pm me any questions. party scene at the uofu? accounting 3600 fun, easy classes at the u? fun, easy classes at the u? can anyone give me directions to the garbage dump? can anyone give me directions to the garbage dump? what do uofu students look for in classes? what do uofu students look for in classes? acs review book waitlisting? missing phone samsung giving away free stuff for galaxy users on campus. this could be interesting, anybody planning to attend? requirements for acceptance? where's the free food? are you enjoying your time at u of u? pepperidge farm remembers... pepperidge farm remembers... pepperidge farm remembers... pepperidge farm remembers... religious presence at u of u? (humor) u of u student hacks byu bell tower, hells bells breaks loose (humor) u of u student hacks byu bell tower, hells bells breaks loose (humor) u of u student hacks byu bell tower, hells bells breaks loose imgur.com blocked? chemistry classes cops/closed off buildings on 1st south looking for someone to workout with bed bugs in the marriott library bed bugs in the marriott library bed bugs in the marriott library bed bugs in the marriott library looking for a john looking for a john 10/17/2013 nid tools is down uguest is down accounting commuter school? 10/3/13 uguest was down watch the u game on the internet? 10/1/2013 uguest is down blackout cover photo [x-post r/utahfootball] any experts in latex or anyone successfully formatted their thesis/disse... 9/27/13 network outage byu fans throwing trash at refs byu fans throwing trash at refs byu fans throwing trash at refs and with another win against byu... and with another win against byu... and with another win against byu... and with another win against byu... and with another win against byu... and with another win against byu... and with another win against byu... and with another win against byu... breaking: byu thrilled they won't have to lose to utah for another two ... breaking: byu thrilled they won't have to lose to utah for another two ... byu vs utah pump up video (x-post r/utahfootball) byu vs utah pump up video (x-post r/utahfootball) byu joke thread byu joke thread byu joke thread byu joke thread any halloween parties? what's your favorite food truck on campus? after spending 15 minutes looking for parking, seeing all the empty a s... after spending 15 minutes looking for parking, seeing all the empty a s... after spending 15 minutes looking for parking, seeing all the empty a s... does anyone need a turningpoint response card (aka clicker) mobile carriers? intramural soccer? does anyone else rock climb? paintball til the u has a nuclear reactor on campus, one of only 32 in the united... til the u has a nuclear reactor on campus, one of only 32 in the united... til the u has a nuclear reactor on campus, one of only 32 in the united... 26 billion pixel panoramic photo of rice-eccles stadium (utah vs usu 8/... 26 billion pixel panoramic photo of rice-eccles stadium (utah vs usu 8/... hats off to mario and luigi running amok across the u (and the sl valley)! hats off to mario and luigi running amok across the u (and the sl valley)! just a psa for anyone not aware just a psa for anyone not aware just a psa for anyone not aware just a psa for anyone not aware my bike was stolen last night, any help finding it would be greatly appr... are there any streams of today's football game? parking... any game of thrones fans on campus? uconnect connectivity in union and marriott library 08/27/13 anyone get filmed on campus today for a youtube video? anyone get filmed on campus today for a youtube video? cis slowness 08/26/13 u of u study shows dominant left-brain vs. right-brain hypothesis is a ... u of u study shows dominant left-brain vs. right-brain hypothesis is a ... does anyone know of any fairly easy 1-3 credit classes that satisfy two ... selling food on campus anyone living in the dorms having serious issues with the wifi? utah football subreddit there's a board of trustees meeting on sep. 10. is anyone interested in ... i have some questions about the honors college, anyone care to answer? how i feel about the uofu starting up again soon how i feel about the uofu starting up again soon how i feel about the uofu starting up again soon how i feel about the uofu starting up again soon two wireless aps down 08/14/2013 staff tickets on sale for weber state game now. utah utes football season preview by kevin gemmell , espn blog writer scheduled maintenance for peoplesoft, friday, august 9 espn blog writer ted miller writes his best-case worst-case - utah fall textbook exchange fall textbook exchange books for sale accounting room for rent remember on tuesday when redditgifts was looking for a curator? now we n... is anyone else concerned about the lack of tampons on campus? i am looking at getting my band into the asuu battle of the bands this n... last year redditgifts moved to slc, now we're hiring! we're looking for ... friendly reminder: jobs on campus thank you u parking department freshman! don't forget to register for the muss - you don't want to miss... ulogin down 07/16/2013 when do i pay for food on a block 150 meal plan? {freshman} humans vs zombies? this sounds way fun! utah education network (uen) is performing a network upgrade on tuesday,... centrex/meridian voice mail outage 07/09/2013 7/3/2013 several upcoming planned outages planned internet outage july 14th does my student id still work as a trax pass right now? i'm not enrolle... does my student id still work as a trax pass right now? i'm not enrolle... looks like the computer science department's been doing some seo... looks like the computer science department's been doing some seo... looks like the computer science department's been doing some seo... studen loan rates will double to 6.8% while the mega banks like bank of... studen loan rates will double to 6.8% while the mega banks like bank of... studen loan rates will double to 6.8% while the mega banks like bank of... peoplesoft he environment outage 06/28/2013 quick question about leap 1101-015 downtime notification 06/26/2013 university of utah student start-up launches another kickstarter. check ... looking for a roommate in a house near liberty park problems accessing umail does anyone know how this happened? (last winter) does anyone know how this happened? (last winter) looking to transfer - how competitive is it to get in? clinical uconnect outage anti-prism/domestic spying rally at state capital (7/12/2013)(eff) is there a utah athletics sub-reddit? i'm looking to transfer to the u. need advice on paying tuition. student housing network outage incoming freshman. food advice? salt lake dream team open training and call to action kronos outage 6/8/2013 i'm a freshman me student, coming in for orientation tomorrow. anything ... this struck a home run in creepy. sup. australian exchange student incoming for fall semester. hit me with... chemistry credit transfer from slcc to u of u? uofu student president impeached uofu student president impeached anyone else doing the interdisciplinary design major? new meetup group of real hackers x-post r/saltlakecitytech watch out for phishing watch out for phishing watch out for phishing anybody have the text for calculus i they want to sell me? issues with the financial aid proccess? the latest (albeit temporary) addition to the block u the latest (albeit temporary) addition to the block u utah football spring game stream now available to all. utah football spring game stream now available to all. finals! where is your favorite place to study on campus? do students get frontrunner included with fees? does anyone by chance take the survey of jazz class from basinger or kno... hey, we are looking for help with how campus it is using social media. w... looking for a roommate! uofu artists, is this the place for an illustrator? anybody looking for a student it job on campus? we are hiring. pandemonium at the library during the earthquake drill pandemonium at the library during the earthquake drill pandemonium at the library during the earthquake drill pandemonium at the library during the earthquake drill pandemonium at the library during the earthquake drill pandemonium at the library during the earthquake drill pandemonium at the library during the earthquake drill pandemonium at the library during the earthquake drill 2 seniors here, need an android nfc reader app and ruby-on-rails databas... the art installations in the library have gone downhill. the art installations in the library have gone downhill. stuck in class at the library. anyone want to go get a drink? the answer anytime someone asks what the problem with utah is the answer anytime someone asks what the problem with utah is i got accepted into the u and i plan to attend. does anyone here know wh... everyone on facebook today everyone on facebook today everyone on facebook today cis issues? is parking on campus free on the weekend? u of u should transition from commuter to a residence school. grand kerfuffle concert - april 19 w/ awolnation, mute math, &amp; katie... 1098t issue looking for a roommate for the upcoming year! great if you live in dorms... 3 most embarrassing videos to ever come out of byu 3 most embarrassing videos to ever come out of byu housing registration questions two parking structures to go up this summer two parking structures to go up this summer giant revel bike stolen from u of u. 150 dollar cash reward offered (off... e parking passes feel like a scam e parking passes feel like a scam anyone looking to sublet their place for the summer? looking for a roommate for the summer, walking distance to the u. what's the mfa program in film like? come see reasons to be pretty @ studio 115! paintball schmidt or gruenbaum for german 1010? thanks :) help with summer housing  u of u video game design program top in the nation u of u video game design program top in the nation u of u video game design program top in the nation u of u video game design program top in the nation thinking about going to school here? new student: since the u is commuter, how do people go about meeting ne... new student: since the u is commuter, how do people go about meeting ne... university of utah gets $13 million for impact investing center downtown commons? free printing place? picture request - new ls skaggs hall new student question: which residence hall should i pick university of utah confessions (facebook page) housing questions experiments at the u of u? imgur is canvas down for anyone else? wana early timeout? coming to tour the school, what to see, what to ask, and any other advice? best freshman housing option to the redditor who parked at the union today: hello! to the redditor who parked at the union today: hello! to the redditor who parked at the union today: hello! also lost some things... sage point or benchmark plaza, plus bonus meal plan question! what's the u of u student culture like? to the person who returned my lost high school ring: to the person who returned my lost high school ring: the parking situation here the parking situation here the parking situation here the parking situation here oops oops oops oops oops oops oops oops wifi issues looking for the gimp i drove from the u to sugarhouse what does an acceptance letter look like? is it a packet? food carts! food carts! food carts! any business is grads/undergrads out there? hi every body just letting you know there is a u of u brewing club and ... hi every body just letting you know there is a u of u brewing club and ... any msis people here?  meetup any time soon? meetup any time soon? any possibility of a snow day tomorrow? physics 1 &amp; 2 summer course lost something sentimental on campus, can anyone help me out? lost something sentimental on campus, can anyone help me out? appearing live! all over the sidewalks of campus this morning appearing live! all over the sidewalks of campus this morning appearing live! all over the sidewalks of campus this morning appearing live! all over the sidewalks of campus this morning appearing live! all over the sidewalks of campus this morning appearing live! all over the sidewalks of campus this morning how socially conservative is the u walking in campus today. walking in campus today. those byu students are right, there's definitely something satanic goin... those byu students are right, there's definitely something satanic goin... chris hill talking about res expansion possibilities as well as other sp... any utes going to edc las vegas this year?? =) anybody have the precalculus book by karl smith for math 1080?  i'm buyi... anyone looking for a a nice, clean, responsible roomate? or want to come... course outlines for exchange student how mormon is u of u or downtown slc in general? how mormon is u of u or downtown slc in general? good morning 813 good morning 813 good morning 813 good morning 813 looking for printable notes  per the university of utah - campus closed as of 1pm heads up to those of you who are on campus... what is the uid number i register for my clicker? spring 2013 textbook trading thread good upper division electives? which is the best american institutions gen ed class? looking for roommates reminder - david eccles school of business network interruption looking for roommate(s) upcoming class for 3 axis cnc's and setting up a home recording studio. ... where's the best place to buy season passes for snowboarding/skiing? i'l... new year resolution for this sub just checked final grades... great room for rent near u $500 month-to-month just submitted my app. what is my chance of being accepted? the union services desk has ski passes! does anybody have a past final for physics 2220 preferrably from paolo g... how long will my ucard work as a bus pass? shouldn't 'geek week' be every week *except* finals week? finals week has dawned on the u. reposted from some time ago. finals week has dawned on the u. reposted from some time ago. runnin' utes beat boise st. 76-55 to get their 6th victory, matching la... runnin' utes beat boise st. 76-55 to get their 6th victory, matching la... league of legends players? transferring next fall dae see this by hper? dae see this by hper? dae see this by hper? sl tribune: former basketball coach, rick majerus dies at 64. has anyone taken math 1070 with brent kirby? strugging with some cs classes and calc 2, where can i get help?  new to the u. how are ute hockey games?  question for anyone who has done early enrollment? dropbox reminder tonight is my last night ever being in the muss and i'm feeling all sent... i'm considering going to u of u for the mechanical engineering program a... lose your keys in behs? if you put this on my car today, fuck you! i arrived at school before t... if you put this on my car today, fuck you! i arrived at school before t... utes open season with 104-47 rout of willamette someone stole the flash drive that i left in one of the marriott macs la... canvas has an iphone app! best breakfast on campus? need credits reggie dunn gets his fourth 100+ yard kickoff return against wazzu reggie dunn gets his fourth 100+ yard kickoff return against wazzu i'm coming to the u. of utah next semester through a program, any sugges... has anyone purchased software through the office of software licensing? travis wilson getting physical travis wilson getting physical muss ticket for saturday muss ticket for saturday can non-u of u students use other people's muss tickets? halloween salsa social! - live shows &amp; salsa band! how does the credits work here? just a reminder: crimson nights is tonight just a reminder: crimson nights is tonight panorama of salt lake valley  dropbox is giving away 3gb completely free to students with an @utah.ed... dropbox is giving away 3gb completely free to students with an @utah.ed... we are ranked 45th in the country for pirating.  30000+ students at the u and only 577 use this subreddit.  0.o whaaaa?!... 30000+ students at the u and only 577 use this subreddit.  0.o whaaaa?!... anyone else have problems with instructure quizzes? how i feel being at work right now how i feel being at work right now how i feel being at work right now a tad late, but here is the panorama i took from the 8th row of the mus... a tad late, but here is the panorama i took from the 8th row of the mus... anyone know of any cool non-athletic clubs? i decided to be a responsible student last night and spend some extra ti... is there a way to turn off the cis "session is about to expire" voice? is there a way to turn off the cis "session is about to expire" voice? ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch dat sunset (saturday's game) dat sunset (saturday's game) advice - in chicago suburbs next weekend, can't find a place that carrie... utah wins it over byu 24 - 21 utah wins it over byu 24 - 21 utah wins it over byu 24 - 21 utah wins it over byu 24 - 21 you have to admit, at least byu was poleite! tickets to the football games jake heaps fail jake heaps fail canyons season pass for $419 looking for brand new tickets jordan wynn to retire from football | deseret news jordan wynn to retire from football | deseret news need a tutor? (math/physics) u of utah dismantling native language center college subreddit meetup: september 15th. be there or something about a ... we are pac 12. why can't the u do this? we are pac 12. why can't the u do this? sons of anarchy premier showing at lumpys downtown sept 11th@8pm! thinking of transferring to the u from byu. any advice or success stories? thinking of transferring to the u from byu. any advice or success stories? canvas is suspended? what are the do's and don'ts of uconnect?  student discount? anyone need a muss ticket for the game tomorrow night? muss shirt exchange reminder - you can get office 2007, 2010 and 2011 for mac, and win7 upg... reminder - you can get office 2007, 2010 and 2011 for mac, and win7 upg... u of u patch? red in a sea of blue saw someone with a reddit shirt today on campus, i complimented him, he... saw someone with a reddit shirt today on campus, i complimented him, he... guns on campus need help with math, and general college strategy. park city winter hall pass anything going on tonight? jesus cheers for the u! what do you guys think of my latest decal? jesus cheers for the u! what do you guys think of my latest decal? college subreddit meetup planning college subreddit meetup planning redfest 2012 redfest 2012 anyone familiar with the online classes?  the campus bookstore: putting education 'fihrst'! the campus bookstore: putting education 'fihrst'! the campus bookstore: putting education 'fihrst'! the campus bookstore: putting education 'fihrst'! the campus bookstore: putting education 'fihrst'! campus employer claims they overpaid a coworker -- help? my work(fanzz sports) is sponsoring utes football this season and is giv... any better routes on foothill drive after i215? traffic sucks. election in 78 days; don't forget to register to vote, everyone.  link t... activating the uta pass on my ucard does anybody know an easy bf credit to take? private wifi via ethernet? class recommendations for incoming freshmen. first semester at the u textbook exchange thread for fall 2012 semester college reddit meetup day? college reddit meetup day? pac-12 camp countdown: 5 things to watch as utah opens camp - cbssports.com anybody want to help me with a metalwork job? any place to game on campus? a few quick questions downloading at the u who is a good writing 2010 instructor? another freshman question... advice to an incoming freshman?  alienware gaming by the bookstore! what are your key survival techniques to making through school? question to the mod/community: flair? anybody looking for a student it job on campus?  we are hiring  anyone successfully formatted their thesis/dissertation in latex? fishing near campus? til the librarians at the knowledge commons will help you with any and ... til the librarians at the knowledge commons will help you with any and ... til the librarians at the knowledge commons will help you with any and ... anybody know a good calc tutor? question about umail. cafe trang cart what restaurants deliver to campus? houses or apartments for rent anyone? what are some little things about campus/slc that the average student c... what are some little things about campus/slc that the average student c... interested in a dndnext playtest? any it students want some work? don't forget that the south physics observatory is open from 6:00~8:30 ... don't forget that the south physics observatory is open from 6:00~8:30 ... im thinking about transferring to the u interesting (or easy) online classes? my friends, is there a way to see courses from past semesters on webct? til that 'university of utah' is an anagram for 'tuitions have fury'. til that 'university of utah' is an anagram for 'tuitions have fury'. attending u of u in the fall, moving from nyc. any advice?  attending u of u in the fall, moving from nyc. any advice?  our machinima short film: skyfail everyone in the union getting rick rolled everyone in the union getting rick rolled everyone in the union getting rick rolled i took some panoramas of the valley and campus over the past few weeks anyone here study at the honors college?   ever want to be a detective? (x-post r/saltlakecity)  so president's circle used to be an actual circle. and there was an obs... so president's circle used to be an actual circle. and there was an obs... so president's circle used to be an actual circle. and there was an obs... so president's circle used to be an actual circle. and there was an obs... how i feel about wiz khalifa coming to presidents cir. the day before 4/20 mechanical engineering design day! 'what is math?' day - university of utah awm student chapter if the hc put in half the effort on normal days as they do on their "th... if the hc put in half the effort on normal days as they do on their "th... utah basketball pulls scholarship from kid who grew too fast utah basketball pulls scholarship from kid who grew too fast how much does housing near the u end up being per person, on average? hey guys, should i transfer from byu to the u? hey guys, should i transfer from byu to the u? utah quidditch needs you!  come play with the #5 ranked team in the nati... static dream - infinity club ...! whos going?! torrenting at the u folk rock and blues @ the woodshed salt flats any of you guys going to coachella!!!  i am considering applying to uofu and i figured this subreddit would hel... how many of you are going down to the festival of colors mtg grand prix next weekend my dog is a utes fan (xpost from r/aww) my dog is a utes fan (xpost from r/aww) anybody know about this?  planning on participating?  programming team c... old school arcade just opened up in holladay... old school arcade just opened up in holladay... anyone live in the family apartments? found this gem on campus today! so... i'm having a bit of a rough time trying to socialize here. help? so... i'm having a bit of a rough time trying to socialize here. help? so, how about that muss registration? anyone in jim fisher's comm 1550? saw a redditor this morning in the marriott library puter lab  saw a redditor this morning in the marriott library puter lab  free women's self defense class taught every saturday throughout the mon... a car i made for an online race. (xpost from r/forza) a car i made for an online race. (xpost from r/forza) a car i made for an online race. (xpost from r/forza) anyone in the game design courses give me some information? where can i wire my laptop to the internet? snowboarding anyone? does anyone have a precalculus book 7th edition? book is in slc (and i a... anyone want to teach me how to swim well. byu students byu students byu students anyone here transfer from slcc? specifically business majors. suggestion: instead of 344 readers, can we change it to 344 utes?  suggestion: instead of 344 readers, can we change it to 344 utes?  suggestion: instead of 344 readers, can we change it to 344 utes?  anyone looking for a place on campus for the summer? i just started this semester, i'm looking to expand my social circle a b... how i feel in the mornings on the shuttle bus how i feel in the mornings on the shuttle bus how i feel in the mornings on the shuttle bus u of u battle of the bands interviews new k-ute show dedicated to video game music! :d new k-ute show dedicated to video game music! :d tennis anyone? looking for tabletop roleplayers, or people interested in trying! musicians! who are you? the daily utah chronicle mentioned reddit anyone in math 3150 (pdes for engineers and dumb people)? i'll admit - i... looking for ece 1250 study buddy utes release their 2012 pac-12 schedule since nobody posted anything about the sun bowl, here is my view of the... since nobody posted anything about the sun bowl, here is my view of the... 
who has seen this? 
who has seen this? my dad's an ochem teacher over at uvu and runs a useful ochem reference ... what student groups are you in? r/uofu book swap thread 2011 i make vinyl decals/stickers and i just whipped this one up i make vinyl decals/stickers and i just whipped this one up i make vinyl decals/stickers and i just whipped this one up book selling? finals video take 2...(now with more megavideo :/ ) is anyone disgusted with how much we pay in tuition every semester, yet ... i video i just made for fa-2000.  i tried to capture the stress of final... help a fellow ute win the world have a cade lab account?  get free microsoft software! utes to play georgia tech in hyundai sun bowl the mystery of the campus groper has been solved. crazy lady to stop dancing at football games.  crazy lady to stop dancing at football games.  utah chemistry professor arrested for child pornography. utah chemistry professor arrested for child pornography. so if your in the marriott library right now.... wanna start a band? $10 student tickets to utah symphony $10 student tickets to utah symphony pac-12 parity picture [x-post from r/cfb] pac-12 parity picture [x-post from r/cfb] our chances to play in the conference championship game are looking good. i like our chemistry department i like our chemistry department i like our chemistry department just me and my buddy after winning the adobe web analytics competition (... the daily utah chronicle to run for president of the university of utah the daily utah chronicle to run for president of the university of utah to whoever is posting these on campus.. you are dope. to whoever is posting these on campus.. you are dope. everyone check out the handicap stall in men's restroom on the 2nd floo... everyone check out the handicap stall in men's restroom on the 2nd floo... x-post from r/slc: ski meetup this saturday. campus alert campus alert campus alert my god! there are an incredible amount of hot women in the library right... picture of muhammad at the university of utah scary stories in 1hr and 20min. join me. (starts at 9:25) is anyone taking o chem? minecraft club? planned renovation for the architecture building crimson nights tonight! contribute to the u's news feed how many credits do you take?  if you work, how many hours/week? who's ready for our new rivalry with cu?! meetup for lunch after fall break?  anyone want a gym buddy? are there and uofu students taking the stanford online ai, machine learn... to whoever is leaving me "motorcycle parking" notes in shoreline parking. autumn bash!!! cs proficiency test look at what i found on my windshield! look at what i found on my windshield! you guys should appreciate this(xpost from /adviceanimals) anyone want a ticket to the f.b. game this weekend? occupy salt lake city starts thursday! anyone joining? science &amp; engineering career fair yet another study party at the marriott! (9/28) look what i spotted while driving around campus look what i spotted while driving around campus look what i spotted while driving around campus how i feel walking on campus with all the longboards/bikes how i feel walking on campus with all the longboards/bikes how i feel walking on campus with all the longboards/bikes a nice photo-by-photo look at the first fumble in the uofu/byu game. new campus radio website breaking news! ever feel alone? - a wonderful shot from the byu game. ever feel alone? - a wonderful shot from the byu game. ever feel alone? - a wonderful shot from the byu game. ever feel alone? - a wonderful shot from the byu game. jake heaps fumble remix! jake heaps fumble remix! hold on to your stub if you went to the game! hold on to your stub if you went to the game! enough about football, the spring course catalog is out! footage of utah-byu 2011 game. the second best part about last night's victory the second best part about last night's victory the second best part about last night's victory the second best part about last night's victory chinese takeout in slc, delivery to the u if possible can someone make a .gif of jake heaps slapstick fumble? sad, sad bronco sad, sad bronco sad, sad bronco wow, not even the children here like byu (x-post from r/saltlakecity our u of u party!  now to get it into the stadium... now to get it into the stadium... byu's football fan playbook. good lord. the university of utah's engineering, arts and entertainment program ca... the university of utah's engineering, arts and entertainment program ca... found: brown/copper aviators in jfb bathroom utah vs byu game on the green this saturday. come watch it on campus be... utah vs byu game on the green this saturday. come watch it on campus be... so, i bet all y'all are psyched about the u of u vs byu football game, a... anyone have a spare ticket to skrllex? is the internet god awful for anyone else in the union? has anyone noticed.... if you're interested in marine biology... must be rivalry week. found this today. on campus internships $10/hr subreddit survey. help me find out who you are. also, it makes cool graphs photos of utes vs. usc how did you find the subreddit? new intramural sport for utah? any one else at the u enjoy their trees  iced coffee on campus? where can i watch the utah vs. usc game tomorrow?
 fellow u of u redditors, introduce yourself. fellow u of u redditors, introduce yourself. mmm, that's my favorite! (at the hc today) mmm, that's my favorite! (at the hc today) anyone have any insight for a perspective out-of-sate student? anyone down for a quick game of pool? any interest in a boardgame meetup this saturday? need a location, discu... pop quiz oui? wait, quoi? oui? wait, quoi? why do you even go here? why do you even go here? why do you even go here? i don't know if i've ever felt less good about a win in my life. the ut... i don't know if i've ever felt less good about a win in my life. the ut... photos from the first quarter of the utes' season opener against montana... ideas to grow r/uofu ideas to grow r/uofu saw this sign at byu. beards: not. even. once. saw this sign at byu. beards: not. even. once. saw this sign at byu. beards: not. even. once. anybody up for hiking to the living room this weekend? r/uofu look at this. we could win stuff! update on the grow a college su... tell everyone you know to join the subreddit tell everyone you know to join the subreddit they're.... everywhere!!! they're.... everywhere!!! what is this contest i've heard so much about? trib launches "seeing red" utah football photo blog who else picked up their muss tickets today? uofu alumni - where are you now? any utes out there play league of legends? is it just me, or are there a ridiculous amount of attractive girls on ... is it just me, or are there a ridiculous amount of attractive girls on ... is it just me, or are there a ridiculous amount of attractive girls on ... first motorcycle rally ever at the university of utah! intramural soccer help me with the uofu tech club good luck on your first day of school /r/uofu!  any one else who's living on campus feel like their internet is slower t... scumbag meetup evading redditor just a reminder, mini-meetup at the u gazebo tomorrow anyone interested in a book swap? who is /r/uofu? who is /r/uofu? so, did everyone get the email from asuu about a new website? cool video about the utes first season in the pac-12. pac 12 network announced.  all sports, all events, all across the nation movein meetup university of utah - football - practice clips let's win this: grow college subreddit competition let's win this: grow college subreddit competition when school starts, i thought about putting these up across campus, as ... when school starts, i thought about putting these up across campus, as ... when school starts, i thought about putting these up across campus, as ... the muss utah utes schedule analysis pac 12 football preview hype video has lots of utes in it, gets you pump... more stuff coming soon re-do classes? bus to alta another adrew hales video.. "trying to kiss girls in the library" goddam sidewalks esl 3600/ling 3600 - cross cultural communication pay by phone down today? ongoing email phishing attempts there have been a lot of people asking about the mormons at our school, ... 10/14/2013 network slowness 10/19/13, 5am-8am: maintenance period 10/13/12 network maintenance 6am-8am got a laugh out of this. 10/10/2013 lync outage 10/10/2013 brief network outage 10/4/13 outlook web access display issues access to books or medical journals or anything? cis and wired network issues 09/24/2013 umail slowness 09/23/2013 is the little food store in the library open today? in town for a couple days trying to find some cool people to hang with. ... volunteers needed for study -- earn $50 for participating! found a u of u student id: looking for josephine lokiru. 9/9/2013 brief go.utah.edu instability longboarders equella file access issue 09/05/13 ping pong? canvas down 09/03/13 who here is french and will be attending the u beginning fall 2014? nid tools down 08/23/13 nid tools down 08/23/13 uguest outage 08/22/13 has anyone taken des 3600? (design studio 1) umail client connectivity issues 08/21/13 questions about gateway heights. new website design 8/20/13 planned nolij web outage, 5am-7am network outage smbb 08/16 umail delivery delay 08/14-08/15 question about umail access. laptop for sale (xpost slc) uguest was down today 08/06/13 anyone know when we can pay tuition for fall? biology classes any phishheads attending classes in the fall? looking for some new peopl... are you a back-end developer? redditgifts is hiring one more person in slc looking for a place to live has anyone here taken the math bootcamp during the summer? what are your favorite study spots on campus? dear redditer in pl3640: i seen you how you know you are almost in utah. incoming freshman! what are things you wish you knew about the u when yo... does the moodle sometimes swallow your files?? courses start monday. i have two online courses this summer, and i've he... looking for some general info please take this 5-7 minute survey all about facebook (student project, ... are you an rm? did you grow up lds within 20miles of the salt lake valle... natural history museum: harlem shake  pre-med freshman needs help registering please :) anyone interested in starting a mesh network in slc utah area? [crosspos... i got accepted to university of utah, but i'm still deciding on whether ... which frat should i join? why so few parties at the u? and if we began a culture of dj's who throw... new student, few questions about the u living in mhc, this is me the morning after every time the cleaning peop... any engineering expats here? i'm a junior that is graduating early and going into pre-med. likelihood... me 2080 and me 2510 textbooks anyone?  where to get coffee on campus right meow has anyone taken anthro the peoples of europe? dropboxers unite! its the space race! invite new and existing u students... coolest/best thing you've ever bought at the campus store? you had three chances and you failed. go home, thanks for the dub. [podcast] the holy war: a panel discussion about the religious dimension... tuition is expensive she's playing tonight at the union the fuck am i listening to in the union building?? so who's in the library right now? byu's new logo after saturday's epic defeat how i felt watching heaps on the sidelines... mother fucking tarantulas on the mother fucking campus! hahaha magic the gathering cards!!!! which one of you left your dog in the lobby of the lib? posting for a friend. alpha phi sorority utah vs byu comic why the muss can't have nice things (utah vs. cal) both of you can fuck yourselves with a shared bag of electric hammers need help this saturday! (you get paid) vote in the asuu elections today!!! laptop for sale (willing to haggle) (x-post from slc) looking for another roommate dating other than the ldssa bullshit? where is a good place in or outdoors to listen to my music alone and not... partial equella outage 08/06/13-08/07/13 8/8/2013 12:05 pm uconnect issues at marriott library what is the easiest major at the u?