 have some questions about fri (freshman research initiative) looking for summer sublet (july-aug) suggestions? question about football tickets question about football tickets 2013's phi beta kappa gpa cutoff? how is ut's community/tradition? looking for extras tomorrow and sunday for an rtf undergrad thesis short! summer transfer applicant ut austin anyone interested in hopping along a road trip to the grand canyon? anyone interested in hopping along a road trip to the grand canyon? informal classes at ut what are you doing for spring break? what is going on outside of the pcl? someone go to the josh abbott band concert with me on saturday @ rodeo a... this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? this means i'll have great luck... right? ricky williams, bob mckay on 2014 college football hof ballot looking for a java tutor for cs314 transfer student glad to see the rest of reddit views texas a&amp;m the same way we do cops are stopping bicyclists for running stop signs on speedway and 31s... cops are stopping bicyclists for running stop signs on speedway and 31s... summer classes at acc? some ut students came to tour waller creek tunnel for a project. would y... turns out lil jon (dave chappelle) is a longhorn fan turns out lil jon (dave chappelle) is a longhorn fan turns out lil jon (dave chappelle) is a longhorn fan turns out lil jon (dave chappelle) is a longhorn fan ut coop fibonacci golden ratio why is the pcl closed to students before 6am? dish to deliver longhorn network nationwide dish to deliver longhorn network nationwide dish to deliver longhorn network nationwide ut students, what is the best class that is open to all? til the university of texas has given over $7 million to election campai... campus opening at 11:00am tomorrow campus opening at 11:00am tomorrow campus opening at 11:00am tomorrow what residence hall should i choose? campus closing at 10:00pm tonight campus closing at 10:00pm tonight campus closing at 10:00pm tonight ut delayed opening at 11am tomorrow (tuesday) checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... checking my exam schedule and the weather forecast... 5 aircraft headed south bound at supersonic speeds *anyone know what th... 5 aircraft headed south bound at supersonic speeds *anyone know what th... what apartments should i look at? classes delayed until 11am for tuesday 3/4 school's delayed. extra sxsw space? classes delayed until noon tomorrow round up 2014 wristbands getting out of the military, thinking about transferring to ut, seeking ... lonestar lofts? winter storm warning in effect for travis county anyone think classes will be delayed tomorrow? anyone think classes will be delayed tomorrow? best cell phone service on campus? how ut first celebrated texas independence day, or, when to fire a cann... how ut first celebrated texas independence day, or, when to fire a cann... how ut first celebrated texas independence day, or, when to fire a cann... ut girls are gorgeous. 26 west mid-may-july sublease * price negotiable visiting austin next weekend dropping a class before graduation question about rooming has anyone received their graduate acceptance letters? has anyone ever dropped below 12 hours? did it mess your financial aid u... (since everyone else is asking) what are my transfer chances? ut sound engineers use one weird trick to bend the laws of physics ut sound engineers use one weird trick to bend the laws of physics i want to know more about stache thinking about transferring to ut?! i'm coming to the open house, what should i go to? obama to speak on campus april 10 obama to speak on campus april 10 obama to speak on campus april 10 obama to speak on campus april 10 obama to speak on campus april 10 obama to speak on campus april 10 obama to speak on campus april 10 obama to speak on campus april 10 advice on transferring and cap program? odds of transfer? police are ticketing bicyclists at speedway and 30th/31st for running s... police are ticketing bicyclists at speedway and 30th/31st for running s... police are ticketing bicyclists at speedway and 30th/31st for running s... police are ticketing bicyclists at speedway and 30th/31st for running s... question to those who took cap math or comp sci: how many courses can i take in a semester (as a human)? housing question dobie house?? rtf program questions. things to know as an incoming freshman at ut ut mba and mstc bring boeing and british airways to campus on tuesday, m... election supervisory board hears four allegations of campaign misconduct looking for a roommate wc, ~850 / bed texas travesty interviews student government candidates texas travesty interviews student government candidates i'm still in high school and i need a little bit of first hand informati... how long do campus tours last? hey, so when the heck is round up co-op living i am campaigning for james forrest, decriminalization of marijuana and m... has anyone lived at or is currently living at dobie? anybody familiar with jackson school of geo? ut's dota team is playing a&amp;m's team right now!! signed my lease for the castilian. from what i've read since then, it i... signed my lease for the castilian. from what i've read since then, it i... what are all of my living options? just got this in the mail, and i have to say i really appreciate this! just got this in the mail, and i have to say i really appreciate this! just got this in the mail, and i have to say i really appreciate this! just got this in the mail, and i have to say i really appreciate this! just got this in the mail, and i have to say i really appreciate this! follow up on the post about the castilian. apparently, i haven't yet pay... incoming undergraduate freshman trying to transfer into cockrell. what c... 3 attacks near ut have students concerned - keyetv 3 attacks near ut have students concerned - keyetv ut regents approve designs for first phase of dell medical school ut regents approve designs for first phase of dell medical school rumor: beer sales at basketball and baseball games starting today rumor: beer sales at basketball and baseball games starting today rumor: beer sales at basketball and baseball games starting today question about roundup how are private dorms compared to the ones on campus? cap question pace at ut austin dude in blue jacket gets jumped by frat guys on the drag dude in blue jacket gets jumped by frat guys on the drag dude in blue jacket gets jumped by frat guys on the drag dude in blue jacket gets jumped by frat guys on the drag dude in blue jacket gets jumped by frat guys on the drag religions panel, yoga, and classical arts showcase. free! refreshments p... looking for more friends, also a roommate :) details inside registration order to be based on degree progress instead of credit hou... registration order to be based on degree progress instead of credit hou... registration order to be based on degree progress instead of credit hou... registration order to be based on degree progress instead of credit hou... students at ut; how do you feel about banning laptop use in classrooms? incoming freshman looking for a roommate! really need to make my entry-essays shine exchange student- course recommendations? high-school sophomore. planning a computer science major. can i get into... roundup question questions from a recently admitted student i got in! i got in! one bedroom luxury town house, new building near ut only in austin question regarding cap recommendation for housing: graduate student first meeting for new bike organization tomorrow first meeting for new bike organization tomorrow access to soldering irons, test equipment, etc. for non-ece major? what's the cs 312 exam for credit like? new student looking for apartment advice anyone stayed at university towers? magazine scam "nca" - west campus - sat 22nd february magazine scam "nca" - west campus - sat 22nd february magazine scam "nca" - west campus - sat 22nd february when is roundup 2014? so as an incoming cap student, will my class registration date be weeks ... for anyone that needs to rent an apartment over the summer. i'm a studen... transferring lease on an apartment right next to campus!! [the venue] [d... couldn't hack calc2 here, now i have to take it somewhere over the summe... ut shuttle hits jaywalking/distracted pedestrian ut shuttle hits jaywalking/distracted pedestrian ut shuttle hits jaywalking/distracted pedestrian ut shuttle hits jaywalking/distracted pedestrian twitter has a ut hotties page. update: meeting with uni over coffee equipment found in dorm room (x-po... update: meeting with uni over coffee equipment found in dorm room (x-po... update: meeting with uni over coffee equipment found in dorm room (x-po... update: meeting with uni over coffee equipment found in dorm room (x-po... lost oak grove - lower greenbelt (/r/bartoncreekgreenbelt) lost oak grove - lower greenbelt (/r/bartoncreekgreenbelt) didn't get into engineering, now what? girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite girl arrested while jogging outside of bigbite entrepreneurship frat star knocks out hipster in blue sweatshirt! awful roommate stories? student arrested in west campus, apparently for jaywalking (?) and resi... student arrested in west campus, apparently for jaywalking (?) and resi... student arrested in west campus, apparently for jaywalking (?) and resi... student arrested in west campus, apparently for jaywalking (?) and resi... student arrested in west campus, apparently for jaywalking (?) and resi... people who live at croix condominiums, how much do you pay per month, i ... "illegal rogue taxis pick up partiers and profits" "illegal rogue taxis pick up partiers and profits" graduate recruiting event next week need help writing my topic e paper the student org i started is hosing a benefit concert on campus tomorrow... tax filing near campus fax machine? pretty cool developer conference put on by a cs student org ugs in the summer lost iphone 5 turquoise case lost iphone 5 turquoise case dr. dog tickets for this friday at stubbs has anyone taken macroeconomics (eco 304l) with dr. bencivenga? texas sneakers: is there a place to buy these godly sneakers? texas sneakers: is there a place to buy these godly sneakers? most affordable living complex in west campus is having an open house on... ballpark or town lake apartments? looking for roommate(s) does anyone know anything about a l3 communications info session? for everyone who lived in the castilan for everyone who lived in the castilan for everyone who lived in the castilan for everyone who lived in the castilan for everyone who lived in the castilan sublease spring 2015 4bed/2bath lonestar lofts sublease: bedroom, shared bathroom in 3bd apartment on 24... would anyone from taos co-op like to show me around your place? resnet policy? resnet policy? do we appreciate mlk jr more than our presidents? where can you park free near campus on a saturday? if you could share the coverage of our school playing yours in basketbal... a successful escape from oklahoma. welcome to san diego fellow horn! a successful escape from oklahoma. welcome to san diego fellow horn! a successful escape from oklahoma. welcome to san diego fellow horn! fyi: expect traffic delays sunday - austin marathon runs through campus fyi: expect traffic delays sunday - austin marathon runs through campus largest bedroom on a 4 anybody taken me 311 with wheat? anyone going to the big xii men's basketball tournament in kansas city?... anyone going to the big xii men's basketball tournament in kansas city?... anyone going to the big xii men's basketball tournament in kansas city?... which housing option suits best? anyone else see this guy on campus? he's parked like a dick anyone else see this guy on campus? he's parked like a dick anyone else see this guy on campus? he's parked like a dick anyone else see this guy on campus? he's parked like a dick anyone else see this guy on campus? he's parked like a dick anyone else see this guy on campus? he's parked like a dick texas vs ucla 9/13/14 at&amp;t stadium need an apartment for summer first mobile app development bootcamp at ut austin fills the house first mobile app development bootcamp at ut austin fills the house first mobile app development bootcamp at ut austin fills the house camp texas? who has the best round-up performer for this year? lost my phone... welch summer scholars program callaway house austin sublet fall 2014-spring 2015 bike thieves nabbed on the drag bike thieves nabbed on the drag bike thieves nabbed on the drag bike thieves nabbed on the drag any info about google fiber coming to ut? tar heels seeking longhorns: looking for a place to stay over spring break how does the lasp work? happy 100th birthday to pig bellmont, ut's first mascot. a dog. named p... happy 100th birthday to pig bellmont, ut's first mascot. a dog. named p... happy 100th birthday to pig bellmont, ut's first mascot. a dog. named p... happy 100th birthday to pig bellmont, ut's first mascot. a dog. named p... happy 100th birthday to pig bellmont, ut's first mascot. a dog. named p... this might be a stretch, but does anyone know if it is possible to switc... how hard is it to switch to computer science? ut delayed until 10am! (2/11/14) bitcoin 101 - tues (2/11) 6pm in cba bitcoin 101 - tues (2/11) 6pm in cba bitcoin 101 - tues (2/11) 6pm in cba staying at castilian as a 21 year old? so this forecast for tuesday (2/11)... should we start taking bets? so this forecast for tuesday (2/11)... should we start taking bets? so this forecast for tuesday (2/11)... should we start taking bets? so this forecast for tuesday (2/11)... should we start taking bets? oh you waggener, you anyone here live at the texan? male, looking for a lease in wc for 2014-... west campusers! what do you think is the best apartment complex in west ... got a talent? audition for the historic texas revue, the biggest talent ... photo gallery: west campus's vast amounts of graffiti photo gallery: west campus's vast amounts of graffiti organic chemistry book sixth edition $20 thoughts on callaway house? fall 2014 sublease wanted riding a moped/scooter/motorcycle without a helmet on campus and in west... west/north campus door-to-door magazine scam? west/north campus door-to-door magazine scam? west/north campus door-to-door magazine scam? need help finding student entrepreneurs to send to new orleans (expenses... question to ut austin's gamers! question to ut austin's gamers! axis west campus reviews? are there any clubs that volunteer at animal shelters? what's going on at 22nd and guadeloupe? 21 rio vs co-op? our community is unbelievable. our community is unbelievable. our community is unbelievable. our community is unbelievable. anybody have experience with dos rios apartments? wtf is going on campus? loud chanting and marching near cvs/west mall/g... wtf is going on campus? loud chanting and marching near cvs/west mall/g... classes canceled for the day classes canceled for the day classes canceled for the day i need to pay my tuition before 5 today!!!! anyone from vertebrate interactome or just super good at chem? lost at gdc: wallet and phone (2/5) classes canceled until noon classes canceled until noon classes canceled until noon classes canceled until noon classes canceled until noon live podcast recording at spider house ballroom tonight! $2 for students... question about apartments in west/north campus hey fellow longhorns! i have a question; do you know of any deaths that ... what is your favorite thing about ut austin? how is ut going to make up all of the snow days? anyone know who joshua bryant is? will ut cancel classes for the third time tomorrow? will ut cancel classes for the third time tomorrow? will ut cancel classes for the third time tomorrow? will ut cancel classes for the third time tomorrow? co-op ut announces new mascot: bevedoge anyone know specifics about the ni info session tomorrow, 2/6? codeday austin - a 24 hour hackathon for college and high school students codeday austin - a 24 hour hackathon for college and high school students codeday austin - a 24 hour hackathon for college and high school students new hookah lounge on guadalupe! the first annual compare metrics + leap motion hackathon recs for some easy bullshit social science credit? (preferably distance ... longhorns jump to no. 15 in ap basketball poll longhorns jump to no. 15 in ap basketball poll longhorns jump to no. 15 in ap basketball poll longhorns jump to no. 15 in ap basketball poll longhorns jump to no. 15 in ap basketball poll longhorns jump to no. 15 in ap basketball poll longhorns jump to no. 15 in ap basketball poll longhorns jump to no. 15 in ap basketball poll please help with west campus apartment west by west campus is back again and free as ever, but needs your help... west by west campus is back again and free as ever, but needs your help... [hiring] marketing intern purpella mccombs msirom business analytics program? how much does roundup cost? 26 west austin sublease place to stay on west campus for fall semester 2014? texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... texas(25) beats kansas(6)! this team sure is exciting to watch...hook ... what should i focus on as a business transfer? petition to fix the 1m &amp; 1l bus route's back to what they were befo... petition to fix the 1m &amp; 1l bus route's back to what they were befo... any recommendations for 2/2 apartments in the north campus/hyde park area? what is the turing scholars program like? pointe on rio - now leasing fall 2014! (please upvote for visability) join the dark side for longhorn lights out join the dark side for longhorn lights out anyone going to the kansas game saturday? lambda chi alpha may need to focus more on academics instead of the envi... boxing equipment access? newly elected texas state rep. celia israel at her victory party last n... newly elected texas state rep. celia israel at her victory party last n... newly elected texas state rep. celia israel at her victory party last n... newly elected texas state rep. celia israel at her victory party last n... newly elected texas state rep. celia israel at her victory party last n... newly elected texas state rep. celia israel at her victory party last n... this is a longshot but anyone have a suit jacket + pants i can borrow fo... disclosure ticket any occupational therapy student organizations at ut? when is roundup this year? scumbag ut scumbag ut scumbag ut scumbag ut scumbag ut scumbag ut scumbag ut scumbag ut scumbag ut scumbag ut scumbag ut ut austin closes for remainder of day ut austin closes for remainder of day ut austin closes for remainder of day ut austin closes for remainder of day ut austin closes for remainder of day ut austin closes for remainder of day ut releases an apology for today's events...via tumblr? ut releases an apology for today's events...via tumblr? ut releases an apology for today's events...via tumblr? ut releases an apology for today's events...via tumblr? this person was in lab at 8am today this person was in lab at 8am today this person was in lab at 8am today this person was in lab at 8am today this person was in lab at 8am today the ut offices, right now. the ut offices, right now. the ut offices, right now. the ut offices, right now. is the pcl open today? ut austin closed until noon ut austin closed until noon ut austin closed until noon ut now closed for the day. ut now closed for the day. if you're on campus and depend on the ut shuttles, go home before 1pm if you're on campus and depend on the ut shuttles, go home before 1pm longhorn run 10k (20% off code: earlybird) benefits: ut sg's student exc... ut austin closed all day ut austin closed all day anyone know what time gregory gym closes today? looking for some gamers before classes were delayed getting off ut mailing lists texas men's basketball ranked 25th in ap top 25 texas men's basketball ranked 25th in ap top 25 texas men's basketball ranked 25th in ap top 25 texas men's basketball ranked 25th in ap top 25 texas men's basketball ranked 25th in ap top 25 texas men's basketball ranked 25th in ap top 25 texas men's basketball ranked 25th in ap top 25 anyone want to sublease my apartment in hyde park? anyone think there's a chance of closures tomorrow? anyone think there's a chance of closures tomorrow? anyone think there's a chance of closures tomorrow? ut to cut 500 jobs with controversial shared services plan led by accen... ut to cut 500 jobs with controversial shared services plan led by accen... ut to cut 500 jobs with controversial shared services plan led by accen... ut to cut 500 jobs with controversial shared services plan led by accen... what's happening outside cpe? swimming at gregory paying for ut sales engineer - web and mobile applications - consulting services (aust... does anyone live in the texan on 26th and salado? my buddy and i just saw a dead guy behind jack in the box my buddy and i just saw a dead guy behind jack in the box my buddy and i just saw a dead guy behind jack in the box my buddy and i just saw a dead guy behind jack in the box dr. denton cooley, '41, named most innovative surgeon alive dr. denton cooley, '41, named most innovative surgeon alive dr. denton cooley, '41, named most innovative surgeon alive dr. denton cooley, '41, named most innovative surgeon alive i have some questions about dorms and campus life! point south apartments is anybody interested in cheap guitar lessons? i know we are stressed wi... snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower snowman in front of the tower any longhorn band members out there? hey guy's! i know we are stressed with school just starting, but if anyb... ut is closed tomorrow! ut is closed tomorrow! ut is closed tomorrow! ut is closed tomorrow! ut is closed tomorrow! ut is closed tomorrow! ut is closed tomorrow! ut is closed tomorrow! ut is closed tomorrow! just accepted into cockrell for pete and have some questions! $60m gift to business, engineering schools by mulva family foundation $60m gift to business, engineering schools by mulva family foundation ut's first snow day in 1899, or, when to threaten a university presiden... ut's first snow day in 1899, or, when to threaten a university presiden... ut's first snow day in 1899, or, when to threaten a university presiden... ut's first snow day in 1899, or, when to threaten a university presiden... ut's first snow day in 1899, or, when to threaten a university presiden... ut's first snow day in 1899, or, when to threaten a university presiden... wondering if the winter weather will cancel class? check here for offic... wondering if the winter weather will cancel class? check here for offic... wondering if the winter weather will cancel class? check here for offic... so what our are chances of class being canceled tomorrow? so what our are chances of class being canceled tomorrow? so what our are chances of class being canceled tomorrow? ut's relationship with accenture should raise questions ut's relationship with accenture should raise questions ut's relationship with accenture should raise questions transportation from airport to campus audition for a play based on popular indie game "thomas was alone"! need advice on how to deal with rude pot-smoking suitemate need advice on how to deal with rude pot-smoking suitemate vince young files for bankruptcy vince young files for bankruptcy vince young files for bankruptcy vince young files for bankruptcy anyone know why there was a helicopter flying very low over campus? [sub-leasing] 1 bedroom in a 4 bed/2 bath apartment. $385 a month, all b... quick question: do i need the toelf for application? prospective student: where should i live? prospective student: where should i live? another lost wallet for the day... another lost wallet for the day... need longhorn themed pick up lines lost wallet on if bus - reward if returned lost wallet on if bus - reward if returned lost wallet on if bus - reward if returned question about acceptances anywhere to park near gregory gym without a permit? ut myths: the tower was designed by a rice grad and looks like an owl. the goodall wooten? the goodall wooten? hey, president powers... computers for stdent use on mlk day parking ticket question clubs practicing ballet/folk dance are late application appeals actually taken seriously? room searched by police, coffee equipment taken as "paraphernalia" (x-p... room searched by police, coffee equipment taken as "paraphernalia" (x-p... room searched by police, coffee equipment taken as "paraphernalia" (x-p... room searched by police, coffee equipment taken as "paraphernalia" (x-p... room searched by police, coffee equipment taken as "paraphernalia" (x-p... gamer girls wanted!!! looking for a hiking/outdoors buddy prospective engineering phd student questions help a friend in need... help a friend in need... help a friend in need... anyone want to play some frisbee golf? chances of being accepted as a transfer student at ut austin? looking for a gym partner? looking for a gym partner? looking for a gym partner? looking for a gym partner? ama request - someone who knew colton pitonyak ama request - someone who knew colton pitonyak amazon is offering 6 months free prime with a .edu email private room and bathroom can i still have the "dorm experience" if i live in dobie? can i still have the "dorm experience" if i live in dobie? west campus sublease liberal arts and other reading heavy majors of ut, what strategies do y... liberal arts and other reading heavy majors of ut, what strategies do y... liberal arts and other reading heavy majors of ut, what strategies do y... starting today, tiff's treats is selling two dozen cookies for $15. not... starting today, tiff's treats is selling two dozen cookies for $15. not... starting today, tiff's treats is selling two dozen cookies for $15. not... starting today, tiff's treats is selling two dozen cookies for $15. not... starting today, tiff's treats is selling two dozen cookies for $15. not... starting today, tiff's treats is selling two dozen cookies for $15. not... if any plan ii people are lurking, we have a (decidedly barren) subreddi... texas longhorns 2014 football coaching staff texas longhorns 2014 football coaching staff new football culture at ut new football culture at ut new football culture at ut new football culture at ut new football culture at ut new football culture at ut new football culture at ut new football culture at ut new football culture at ut girl scout cookies on sale wednesday, jan 15 girl scout cookies on sale wednesday, jan 15 is this countdown going to stay up for a year and a half? (it is there ... is this countdown going to stay up for a year and a half? (it is there ... how i feel about registration. how i feel about registration. how i feel about registration. gauging interest: a film club designed to generate unique small film gro... friend is looking for female roommate asap in west campus 2 bed 2 bath $... trying to transfer into fall 2014 semester and was wondering if anyone h... new issue of the end of austin (a periodical about austin's changing ide... welcome back, guys welcome back, guys welcome back, guys welcome back, guys welcome back, guys welcome back, guys welcome back, guys welcome back, guys has anyone called the ut telephone counseling line? there is a brush fire in front of the belo building. there is a brush fire in front of the belo building. i hope everyone will have an awesome spring 2014 semester! i hope everyone will have an awesome spring 2014 semester! i hope everyone will have an awesome spring 2014 semester! cbd question what's the best ut student organization? what's the best ut student organization? what's the best ut student organization? how likely is it for a non-cs major to get into cs 312? what are some places you have lived or possibly still live at that you w... mrw two ut themed posts get to the front page in the same day (shawn i... mrw two ut themed posts get to the front page in the same day (shawn i... mrw two ut themed posts get to the front page in the same day (shawn i... mrw two ut themed posts get to the front page in the same day (shawn i... mrw two ut themed posts get to the front page in the same day (shawn i... mrw two ut themed posts get to the front page in the same day (shawn i... mrw two ut themed posts get to the front page in the same day (shawn i... mrw two ut themed posts get to the front page in the same day (shawn i... mrw two ut themed posts get to the front page in the same day (shawn i... mrw two ut themed posts get to the front page in the same day (shawn i... mrw two ut themed posts get to the front page in the same day (shawn i... we couldn't pay for publicity that good we couldn't pay for publicity that good people said he couldn't do band and football people said he couldn't do band and football people said he couldn't do band and football ut history: the union, dancing and dating, and wwii ut history: the union, dancing and dating, and wwii places to watch nfl playoffs? how likely is it to get off of a waitlist? how hard is it to get into ut? co-op alternatives for buying textbooks bobby hill bobby hill bobby hill bobby hill bobby hill bobby hill bobby hill bobby hill bobby hill 3 girls looking for a 4th female roommate for fall 2014! meet 5 of the coolest robots at ut $485/mo; available immediately: room in 2br/1ba right next to ut campus ... to those students who had to register this week, how did it go? student id on capmetro not working? student id on capmetro not working? what's the "pay" for summer research as an undergrad? what libraries have reallly good hours? apartments for under $500 in austin? red mccombs bashes texas longhorns for charlie strong hire red mccombs bashes texas longhorns for charlie strong hire best way to transfer into ut? where to buy a meal plan for 1 semester? [senior] sublease, west campus-one bedroom in 2/1 apartment. $725 charlie strong's introductory press conference charlie strong's introductory press conference charlie strong's introductory press conference charlie strong's introductory press conference charlie strong's introductory press conference room at 21 pearl! accepted today into the chemical engineering program. what should i expect? transfer advice? has anyone taken astrophysics at ut? science courses for cs student? has anybody heard anything (good or bad) about the computational linguis... grades for business foundations summer institute program? taking cs429 a fourth time? what is the easiest fine arts credit? is it possible to excel at m408n without being a precalculus star? spring rush considering transferring to ut computer science majors: i need your help! questions about the communications and speech disorders major and a few ... charlie strong will be the next texas football headcoach according to 24/7 charlie strong will be the next texas football headcoach according to 24/7 missed time to pay tuition by.. any idea when i can do it? psa: tuiton bill due tomorrow! psa: tuiton bill due tomorrow! psa: tuiton bill due tomorrow! psa: tuiton bill due tomorrow! psa: tuiton bill due tomorrow! admitted to ut austin but have a few questions when were you notified of acceptance for grad school? when were you notified of acceptance for grad school? prospective utaustin student! advice? can anyone find a live stream of the alamo bowl? ut from above - a tilt-shift of some tower tour photos i had lying around ut from above - a tilt-shift of some tower tour photos i had lying around ut from above - a tilt-shift of some tower tour photos i had lying around ut from above - a tilt-shift of some tower tour photos i had lying around "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 "the drag" in 1927 essay-cap help!!!! what happened to the first bevo? the football team ate him. academic probation/dismissal? la jury has decided that warhol portrait of farrah fawcett belongs to r... la jury has decided that warhol portrait of farrah fawcett belongs to r... can someone explain this requirement - "a passing score on the reading s... so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up so when you search for 'ut grade reports' on google, this comes up 21 pearl (west campus) lease available for a third female roommate major gpa forbes names the longhorns its 2013 most valuable college football team... forbes names the longhorns its 2013 most valuable college football team... forbes names the longhorns its 2013 most valuable college football team... sigma chi fight night 2013 how do you access campus during break? my coach: a player's perspective on mack brown my coach: a player's perspective on mack brown my coach: a player's perspective on mack brown my coach: a player's perspective on mack brown best place to sell textbooks? brown to step down as head football coach brown to step down as head football coach brown to step down as head football coach brown to step down as head football coach (x-post /r/cfb) mack brown is resigning. no, for real this time. (lhn r... (x-post /r/cfb) mack brown is resigning. no, for real this time. (lhn r... (x-post /r/cfb) mack brown is resigning. no, for real this time. (lhn r... this is a pretty unnerving to me. this is a pretty unnerving to me. this is a pretty unnerving to me. this is a pretty unnerving to me. this is a pretty unnerving to me. nick saban has agreed to extension at alabama nick saban has agreed to extension at alabama stumbled upon a strange ut student group on facebook... stumbled upon a strange ut student group on facebook... ut regents retain bill powers as university president ut regents retain bill powers as university president ut regents retain bill powers as university president ut regents retain bill powers as university president so our president could be fired today... (taken from the ut board of re... so our president could be fired today... (taken from the ut board of re... the mack brown mega thread : longhornnation prospective student with questions mack brown having press conference today at 10am preparation for cs311 room available to sublease - west campus selling your books? shop around selling your books? shop around saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl saw this posted in r/wtf. tent in the pcl report: mack brown will step down as texas longhorns coach report: mack brown will step down as texas longhorns coach report: mack brown will step down as texas longhorns coach places to stay near ut? need to take a language. need advice. new pcl whiteboard art for finals week. new pcl whiteboard art for finals week. new pcl whiteboard art for finals week. new pcl whiteboard art for finals week. new pcl whiteboard art for finals week. wanting to transfer fall 2014. need essay help! from a student that doesn't drink... from a student that doesn't drink... cs 312 credit by exam any advice? cs 312 credit by exam any advice? philpot for pt. 2 of the gov requirement? (class is full) skip cs312 or take it? regular season finale will determine whether mack brown deserves to keep... fog on campus last night fog on campus last night fog on campus last night fog on campus last night fog on campus last night fog on campus last night fog on campus last night fog on campus last night fog on campus last night fog on campus last night come join us over at /r/longhornnation for the game thread and free hq s... how difficult are inorganic chemistry and organic chemistry? looking for roommate for north campus apartment spring &amp; summer 2014 ut opening at 10am! (12/6/13) ut opening at 10am! (12/6/13) ut opening at 10am! (12/6/13) so, any chances class will be canceled tomorrow? denied admission to ut :( what now? how can i find the average gpa of ut undergrads? i got accepted to ut! but i have a question about registration. i got accepted to ut! but i have a question about registration. probably a prank...but a guy can dream, right? right?? probably a prank...but a guy can dream, right? right?? the 10 ways you know you went to texas the 10 ways you know you went to texas the 10 ways you know you went to texas the university of texas is suing ryan o'neal for an andy warhol portrai... the university of texas is suing ryan o'neal for an andy warhol portrai... stein for bio 349 developmental jennifer denton went from being a homeless meth addict receiving servic... jennifer denton went from being a homeless meth addict receiving servic... jennifer denton went from being a homeless meth addict receiving servic... jennifer denton went from being a homeless meth addict receiving servic... courts near jester looking for female roommate to live with us in hyde park fall 2014 has anybody taken sata's biology 311c before? chainsaw artist's tribute chainsaw artist's tribute chainsaw artist's tribute what texas public schools (or community colleges) offer online calculus ... anyone have experience with taking online calc ii through midland? the texas memorial museum is a hidden jewel on campus. visit it while y... the texas memorial museum is a hidden jewel on campus. visit it while y... the texas memorial museum is a hidden jewel on campus. visit it while y... the texas memorial museum is a hidden jewel on campus. visit it while y... free air for tires? free air for tires? thanksgiving game ticket amazing corner apartment minutes to downtown austin!!! will there be class tomorrow? will there be class tomorrow? looking to make some new friends sooo i just got accepted into ut austin! i do have a few questions though driving to houston for thanksgiving break on 11/24, returning 12/1. xpo... driving to houston for thanksgiving break on 11/24, returning 12/1. xpo... driving to houston for thanksgiving break on 11/24, returning 12/1. xpo... director of ut's graduate program in computational science wins 2013 ho... director of ut's graduate program in computational science wins 2013 ho... director of ut's graduate program in computational science wins 2013 ho... study at ut reveals frequent quizzes can yield better results than a co... study at ut reveals frequent quizzes can yield better results than a co... study at ut reveals frequent quizzes can yield better results than a co... study at ut reveals frequent quizzes can yield better results than a co... study at ut reveals frequent quizzes can yield better results than a co... question about a complex near campus when i see people feeding the squirrels by the sac when i see people feeding the squirrels by the sac when i see people feeding the squirrels by the sac when i see people feeding the squirrels by the sac hundreds rally at ut to denounce conservative student group's "catch an... hundreds rally at ut to denounce conservative student group's "catch an... hundreds rally at ut to denounce conservative student group's "catch an... hundreds rally at ut to denounce conservative student group's "catch an... hundreds rally at ut to denounce conservative student group's "catch an... longhorns vs. red raiders thanksgiving day game tickets last week a friend of mine and a fellow longhorn had his life turned up... last week a friend of mine and a fellow longhorn had his life turned up... til that there is an entire town with albino squirrels. it looks like i... til that there is an entire town with albino squirrels. it looks like i... hello longhorns! indie band, kites and boomerangs, is looking to play a ... considering making a drastic change in my major; any advice? texas sig ep? the young conservatives of texas has canceled its "catch an illegal imm... the young conservatives of texas has canceled its "catch an illegal imm... the young conservatives of texas has canceled its "catch an illegal imm... the young conservatives of texas has canceled its "catch an illegal imm... the young conservatives of texas has canceled its "catch an illegal imm... the young conservatives of texas has canceled its "catch an illegal imm... the young conservatives of texas has canceled its "catch an illegal imm... the young conservatives of texas has canceled its "catch an illegal imm... the young conservatives of texas has canceled its "catch an illegal imm... with jell-o and lasers, ut-austin scientists build tiny cages for bacteria with jell-o and lasers, ut-austin scientists build tiny cages for bacteria info on the natatorium and other swimming lanes "catch an illegal immigrant" game happening on campus wednesday, courte... "catch an illegal immigrant" game happening on campus wednesday, courte... "catch an illegal immigrant" game happening on campus wednesday, courte... "catch an illegal immigrant" game happening on campus wednesday, courte... "catch an illegal immigrant" game happening on campus wednesday, courte... "catch an illegal immigrant" game happening on campus wednesday, courte... "catch an illegal immigrant" game happening on campus wednesday, courte... "catch an illegal immigrant" game happening on campus wednesday, courte... republican governor candidate greg abbott calls yct event "repugnant" a... republican governor candidate greg abbott calls yct event "repugnant" a... republican governor candidate greg abbott calls yct event "repugnant" a... transfer student looking for advice. great photo of the tower! attention music majors: looking for someone to interview on street music... transfer to cns ut tower bells blare with lady gaga and 'n sync in protest of westboro ... ut tower bells blare with lady gaga and 'n sync in protest of westboro ... ut tower bells blare with lady gaga and 'n sync in protest of westboro ... ut tower bells blare with lady gaga and 'n sync in protest of westboro ... ut tower bells blare with lady gaga and 'n sync in protest of westboro ... ut tower bells blare with lady gaga and 'n sync in protest of westboro ... this longhorn has been brought to you by dna. in a set of two recent pa... this longhorn has been brought to you by dna. in a set of two recent pa... freshman founder spotlight: vijay manohar southern collegiate esports conference and lan parking on campus? looking for tickets to saturdays game. "proud to live in central texas, or the 'people's republic of austin, w... "proud to live in central texas, or the 'people's republic of austin, w... "proud to live in central texas, or the 'people's republic of austin, w... "proud to live in central texas, or the 'people's republic of austin, w... looking into apartments on west campus. what would be good for me? places to watch 50th anniversary? ut students film a q&amp;a for an upcoming theatre play on-campus ut students film a q&amp;a for an upcoming theatre play on-campus so the ta in one of my classes was fired because... questions for biochemistry or neuroscience majors! appeals court rehears texas race-admissions case help me with my ut interview please help me with my ut interview please has anyone else noticed this on the entrance to dkr? a while back i created a new css layout for /r/utaustin. here it is a while back i created a new css layout for /r/utaustin. here it is a while back i created a new css layout for /r/utaustin. here it is a while back i created a new css layout for /r/utaustin. here it is anyone looking to sell student tickets to the osu game next weekend? what are y'all's favorite coffee places in austin? do you sketch? i need a fellow longhorn to help me with an indie short f... any f1 fans? want to go to the f1 next weekend? any f1 fans? want to go to the f1 next weekend? the tower was looking quite sexy today... the tower was looking quite sexy today... the tower was looking quite sexy today... the tower was looking quite sexy today... the tower was looking quite sexy today... the tower was looking quite sexy today... the tower was looking quite sexy today... the tower was looking quite sexy today... meet ut's first african-american graduate from the institute of computat... people just don't seem to understand people just don't seem to understand people just don't seem to understand people just don't seem to understand people just don't seem to understand people just don't seem to understand people just don't seem to understand people just don't seem to understand people just don't seem to understand people just don't seem to understand people just don't seem to understand just a few hdr shots of campus giving my nexus 5 a test. just a few hdr shots of campus giving my nexus 5 a test. just a few hdr shots of campus giving my nexus 5 a test. just a few hdr shots of campus giving my nexus 5 a test. just a few hdr shots of campus giving my nexus 5 a test. what was up with that drone in the west mall? badass course - scientific american (science in american culture - ethic... how does the process work for buying student tickets to bowl games? ut's own mcdonald observatory is currently running a campaign to host a... ut's own mcdonald observatory is currently running a campaign to host a... ut's own mcdonald observatory is currently running a campaign to host a... date ideas around campus? course registration: how do you know how many people are ony a specific ... i know we are all insanely busy with school, but does anybody want cheap... how to people dallas philanthropist gives $9.3 million to support computational scien... dallas philanthropist gives $9.3 million to support computational scien... dallas philanthropist gives $9.3 million to support computational scien... dallas philanthropist gives $9.3 million to support computational scien... dallas philanthropist gives $9.3 million to support computational scien... west campus-ers, what apartment complex do you live and how do you like... west campus-ers, what apartment complex do you live and how do you like... reports: asu's patterson will replace dodds reports: asu's patterson will replace dodds a reddit thread with austin voting information. vote at fac tomorrow! a reddit thread with austin voting information. vote at fac tomorrow! i guess the post office isn't closing/moving? looking at apartments for next year really cool story about case mccoy and his childhood really cool story about case mccoy and his childhood really cool story about case mccoy and his childhood really cool story about case mccoy and his childhood really cool story about case mccoy and his childhood really cool story about case mccoy and his childhood ended mountain bike season with a conference championship. hook' em ended mountain bike season with a conference championship. hook' em ended mountain bike season with a conference championship. hook' em ended mountain bike season with a conference championship. hook' em ended mountain bike season with a conference championship. hook' em ended mountain bike season with a conference championship. hook' em ended mountain bike season with a conference championship. hook' em ended mountain bike season with a conference championship. hook' em ended mountain bike season with a conference championship. hook' em apartment hunting. most people don't leave reviews unless they were unsa... anyone in/taken dev plasticity of the nerv system with dr. agarwala? interview for high-school new protected bike lane on guadeloupe (didn't remember seeing this on h... new protected bike lane on guadeloupe (didn't remember seeing this on h... just a friendly reminder. /r/longhornnation exists! just a friendly reminder. /r/longhornnation exists! just a friendly reminder. /r/longhornnation exists! highschool student with questions looking to ask an english major a few questions. comp sci bs freshman, i need to take a 1 credit class next semester to g... ut head coach prediction for 2014 ut casual encounters? has anyone transferred into mccombs from liberal arts or communications? ut student startup burpy sees success with grocery delivery service you know what really grinds my gears? you know what really grinds my gears? you know what really grinds my gears? you know what really grinds my gears? you know what really grinds my gears? you know what really grinds my gears? you know what really grinds my gears? you know what really grinds my gears? i'm selling two student tickets to the game vs. kansas on saturday. texas interested in ohio state, west virginia ads vote for ut and we can get an early screening of catching fire!! vote for ut and we can get an early screening of catching fire!! vote for ut and we can get an early screening of catching fire!! ugs 302-303 problems texas memorial museum to lose most of funding and cut down to 3 employe... texas memorial museum to lose most of funding and cut down to 3 employe... texas memorial museum to lose most of funding and cut down to 3 employe... texas memorial museum to lose most of funding and cut down to 3 employe... is there a way to get into a class that is restricted to a particular ma... an official evaluation of possible green energy implementations across c... does this website still accurately track free parking at the ut coop pa... does this website still accurately track free parking at the ut coop pa... i'm looking for freshman (can be incoming for fall '14) who would be int... anyone looking for a place to live in west campus starting in dec/jan? easiest visual/performing art credit? why are people still so shy? alexis ohanian epic book tour even epic-er question thread for wednesday... high school graduate, looking for advice fun and easy a classes for spring 2014? cti351,phl317,phl346,or vas320? improvisational dance? looking for rooms with large monitors i work on campus and ended up with a campus mail folder that had been i... i work on campus and ended up with a campus mail folder that had been i... i work on campus and ended up with a campus mail folder that had been i... i work on campus and ended up with a campus mail folder that had been i... i work on campus and ended up with a campus mail folder that had been i... i work on campus and ended up with a campus mail folder that had been i... question on 3/6 hour language difference? burnie burns and gavin free (from rooster teeth and the slow-mo guys), ... burnie burns and gavin free (from rooster teeth and the slow-mo guys), ... sophomore ugs tips? indefinite cancellation of spiderhouse poker. alternatives?! president bill powers has been selected as chair of the association of ... president bill powers has been selected as chair of the association of ... president bill powers has been selected as chair of the association of ... president bill powers has been selected as chair of the association of ... ut regent impeachment investigation officially begins ut regent impeachment investigation officially begins movie and food thursday evening by fossil free texas why are they still "obsessed" with us? why are they still "obsessed" with us? why are they still "obsessed" with us? why are they still "obsessed" with us? you stay classy, texas a&amp;m the university of texas college of communication will receive a donatio... the university of texas college of communication will receive a donatio... the university of texas college of communication will receive a donatio... the university of texas college of communication will receive a donatio... the university of texas college of communication will receive a donatio... the university of texas college of communication will receive a donatio... dating scene? easy ugs class? thomas frank (author of what's the matter with kansas?) giving a talk at... ut flying club helicopter tour shots ut flying club helicopter tour shots ut flying club helicopter tour shots spring dorms best small west campus complexes? if i q-drop a class, will my financial aid get nerfed? pickup volleyball games at gregory or the rec? former u.s. ambassador willeford: perry "going after" ut-austin, powers former u.s. ambassador willeford: perry "going after" ut-austin, powers former u.s. ambassador willeford: perry "going after" ut-austin, powers what apartments would you consider to be the most bang for your buck in ... weekend parking? i took a photo of one of the art installations near the architecture bu... i took a photo of one of the art installations near the architecture bu... alexis ohanian (kn0thing) epic book-tour stop at ut austin. alexis ohanian (kn0thing) epic book-tour stop at ut austin. buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid buddy met sooner crying kid where can i find rooms with lots of whiteboards? help and advice on transferring. connecting my 3ds to the wifi acl cancelled today :( acl cancelled today :( acl cancelled today :( acl cancelled today :( acl cancelled today :( any on-campus dnd players? looking to play for the first time. is it too late in the semester to join student orgs? hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! hook em!! ut defeats ou 36-20 !! daily texan's "virgin veronica" on not having sex in honor of ut-ou weekend, i present bryan and the longhorn helmet: what does mac brown smell like? i really love heb... i really love heb... i really love heb... i really love heb... i really love heb... i really love heb... i really love heb... i really love heb... i really love heb... i really love heb... best basketball courts? what's the best alternative route to dallas during txou weekend? i guess reddit is much older than we thought... i guess reddit is much older than we thought... i guess reddit is much older than we thought... i guess reddit is much older than we thought... to whoever found my phone on 24th and guadalupe. to whoever found my phone on 24th and guadalupe. to whoever found my phone on 24th and guadalupe. to whoever found my phone on 24th and guadalupe. saw em off reveille shirt outdoor exercise how is ut for people from out of state? how is ut for people from out of state? any warm, cozy places to study? texas holdem tournament !! @ spider house ballroom! texas holdem tournament !! @ spider house ballroom! alexis ohanian is coming to ut oct. 30th. click to claim your ticket to ... h-e-b at hancock (possible) scam ricky williams says weed was like his popeye spinach incoming graduate student,spring 2014 looking for a room mates public scanners? ut questions! texas 2013 stats visualized texas 2013 stats visualized possible freshman with a question possible freshman with a question what martial arts have you tried? looking for a student with graphic design/video editing skills for an ex... this is not how you secure your bicycle longhorns. this is not how you secure your bicycle longhorns. this is not how you secure your bicycle longhorns. this is not how you secure your bicycle longhorns. this is not how you secure your bicycle longhorns. this is not how you secure your bicycle longhorns. this is not how you secure your bicycle longhorns. this is not how you secure your bicycle longhorns. this is not how you secure your bicycle longhorns. this is not how you secure your bicycle longhorns. xbox one tour will be stopping by ut on october 31st to test drive the ... xbox one tour will be stopping by ut on october 31st to test drive the ... xbox one tour will be stopping by ut on october 31st to test drive the ... selling ou ticket cheap class rings? class rings? mack brown encouraged by remarkable passion the university is showing i... mack brown encouraged by remarkable passion the university is showing i... mack brown encouraged by remarkable passion the university is showing i... the daily texan is giving away free acl tickets, but the contest ends t... the daily texan is giving away free acl tickets, but the contest ends t... ut alum ross william ulbricht arrested for running the silk road. ut alum ross william ulbricht arrested for running the silk road. ut alum ross william ulbricht arrested for running the silk road. ut alum ross william ulbricht arrested for running the silk road. ut rifle and pistol club ut rifle and pistol club ut rifle and pistol club dodds confirms he is stepping down as ut athletic director dodds confirms he is stepping down as ut athletic director "hook 'em!" - walter white "hook 'em!" - walter white "hook 'em!" - walter white "hook 'em!" - walter white "hook 'em!" - walter white "hook 'em!" - walter white "hook 'em!" - walter white "hook 'em!" - walter white what you wish you had known before entering college now that you have gr... legendary longhorn football star james street dies at 65 legendary longhorn football star james street dies at 65 spectral austin, my latest timelapse/hyperlapse project with some scenes... founding father of computational mechanics/ut prof wins prize from hond... founding father of computational mechanics/ut prof wins prize from hond... first semester here and smitten with the sac first semester here and smitten with the sac first semester here and smitten with the sac first semester here and smitten with the sac first semester here and smitten with the sac first semester here and smitten with the sac first semester here and smitten with the sac first semester here and smitten with the sac first semester here and smitten with the sac ut student stabbed in the nose with a fork ut student stabbed in the nose with a fork ut student stabbed in the nose with a fork ut student stabbed in the nose with a fork vince young's son singing the eyes of texas vince young's son singing the eyes of texas vince young's son singing the eyes of texas vince young's son singing the eyes of texas vince young's son singing the eyes of texas leet order of longhorns - a competitive ctf hacking team leet order of longhorns - a competitive ctf hacking team the field house: chowing down with texas longhorns football who wants to hang out? who wants to hang out? can you guys take a short survey for me? its only 3 questions, thanks! rtf people, who wants to help make a small commercial? ut heart researcher making computer simulations of heart valves to impr... ut heart researcher making computer simulations of heart valves to impr... fitting in here? how do you do that? what's your experience been like? fitting in here? how do you do that? what's your experience been like? ultimate rocking chair? [xpost r/gifs] how many people buy food/drinks from the jester wendy's every day? jamba juice is offering a buy one, get one free promo. 9/20-9/29 jamba juice is offering a buy one, get one free promo. 9/20-9/29 the rent is too damn high the rent is too damn high the rent is too damn high professor treisman on composite functions. professor treisman on composite functions. professor treisman on composite functions. professor treisman on composite functions. professor treisman on composite functions. professor treisman on composite functions. professor treisman on composite functions. professor treisman on composite functions. professor treisman on composite functions. cheapest plan b? uhs? cheapest plan b? uhs? ut regent talked with nick saban's agent about the possibility of saban ... *reddit meet up/ party to kick off acl october 4th* question about weight lifting at gregory gym question about weight lifting at gregory gym mack brown apologizes for the 66-17 loss to ou next month. mack brown apologizes for the 66-17 loss to ou next month. mack brown apologizes for the 66-17 loss to ou next month. mack brown apologizes for the 66-17 loss to ou next month. mack brown apologizes for the 66-17 loss to ou next month. pies on short notice? pies on short notice? 14 things you didn't know about bevo xiv 14 things you didn't know about bevo xiv 14 things you didn't know about bevo xiv 14 things you didn't know about bevo xiv ut turns 130 today! ut turns 130 today! ut turns 130 today! ut turns 130 today! ut turns 130 today! ut turns 130 today! ut turns 130 today! ut turns 130 today! ut turns 130 today! ut turns 130 today! how we're all feeling right now. how we're all feeling right now. how we're all feeling right now. how we're all feeling right now. look what i found at a grocery store in austin! (x-post from /r/longhorn... codelab is silly. codelab is silly. took this today. if there ever needed to be a rainbow ending at the sta... took this today. if there ever needed to be a rainbow ending at the sta... took this today. if there ever needed to be a rainbow ending at the sta... took this today. if there ever needed to be a rainbow ending at the sta... took this today. if there ever needed to be a rainbow ending at the sta... took this today. if there ever needed to be a rainbow ending at the sta... took this today. if there ever needed to be a rainbow ending at the sta... took this today. if there ever needed to be a rainbow ending at the sta... took this today. if there ever needed to be a rainbow ending at the sta... question: working and school ut regents approve plan for $310 million engineering building ut regents approve plan for $310 million engineering building ut regents approve plan for $310 million engineering building ut regents approve plan for $310 million engineering building ut regents approve plan for $310 million engineering building help a student out! quick survey for alumni 25-34 the ut tower carillon guild will be playing a 30min concert between 11:... the ut tower carillon guild will be playing a 30min concert between 11:... an excellent daily texan video on how to safely and legally ride your b... an excellent daily texan video on how to safely and legally ride your b... an excellent daily texan video on how to safely and legally ride your b... an excellent daily texan video on how to safely and legally ride your b... current ut students encouraged to audition for student-produced play and... a few pro-tips from a ta... a few pro-tips from a ta... a few pro-tips from a ta... a few pro-tips from a ta... a few pro-tips from a ta... a few pro-tips from a ta... ut drops 6 places on us news top schools in america ut drops 6 places on us news top schools in america ut drops 6 places on us news top schools in america this was on one of my network printers at ut this morning. couldn't dec... this was on one of my network printers at ut this morning. couldn't dec... this was on one of my network printers at ut this morning. couldn't dec... this was on one of my network printers at ut this morning. couldn't dec... this was on one of my network printers at ut this morning. couldn't dec... this was on one of my network printers at ut this morning. couldn't dec... this was on one of my network printers at ut this morning. couldn't dec... this was on one of my network printers at ut this morning. couldn't dec... this was on one of my network printers at ut this morning. couldn't dec... ut bloggers/vloggers?! what are some student events that i don't want to miss this fall? what are some student events that i don't want to miss this fall? manny diaz fired manny diaz fired manny diaz fired manny diaz fired manny diaz fired anyone here ever paid and used coursehero? and if yes was it worth it? what are some late night food options around campus? after byu loss, texas fires dc manny diaz - college football news after byu loss, texas fires dc manny diaz - college football news where would you go to buy burnt orange body paint? longhorn pride goes pretty far longhorn pride goes pretty far longhorn pride goes pretty far longhorn pride goes pretty far longhorn pride goes pretty far longhorn pride goes pretty far ou game join the game day thread for today's game at byu over in /r/longhornnati... lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. lightning from tonight. reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is coming here in late october! reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is coming here in late october! reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is coming here in late october! reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is coming here in late october! reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is coming here in late october! reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is coming here in late october! reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is coming here in late october! reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is coming here in late october! texas '17 photo up close texas '17 photo up close when i think about all the 8 am classes i have... when i think about all the 8 am classes i have... capmetro proposes to discontinue wl and cr shuttle routes. if you live ... capmetro proposes to discontinue wl and cr shuttle routes. if you live ... best places to read on campus? do you like songs? texas songhorns and beauties and the beat are holding... chicken found in west campus [x-post from /r/austin] chicken found in west campus [x-post from /r/austin] chicken found in west campus [x-post from /r/austin] chicken found in west campus [x-post from /r/austin] do you live on campus? check out the university residence hall associati... who here likes smash bros. 64? who here likes smash bros. 64? who here likes smash bros. 64? long horn network stream? where the hell is our /r/cfb thread guys? come join us over in /r/longhornnation to celebrate kickoff! surprises a... psa: it's a "no-refusal weekend" here in austin longhorns! be safe and ... psa: it's a "no-refusal weekend" here in austin longhorns! be safe and ... texas rules college football in facebook data map texas rules college football in facebook data map texas rules college football in facebook data map texas rules college football in facebook data map for the arty-farty types: laurie anderson ut residency sep/oct is there free parking after a certain time on campus? best jobs around request: alumni here, wanting a kick ass desktop background with the foo... ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result ut just had its first ever class photo (class of '17) - here's the result has anyone taken a cycling class from ut rec sports? three days till kickoff! i am ready! three days till kickoff! i am ready! three days till kickoff! i am ready! three days till kickoff! i am ready! three days till kickoff! i am ready! three days till kickoff! i am ready! three days till kickoff! i am ready! anything about acacia? m408c (in a classroom vs ut extensions) hey ut redditors! lcsut is starting another semester of meetings next we... reminder: /r/utaustin meet up at the union underground tonight at 8pm oh my god, what died in the cla elevators? still the most exhilarating moment of my life. invincible. 3 more days... still the most exhilarating moment of my life. invincible. 3 more days... still the most exhilarating moment of my life. invincible. 3 more days... have a good first day of class! have a good first day of class! have a good first day of class! have a good first day of class! have a good first day of class! ut officials: no bleach found in balloons thrown last week or last year ut officials: no bleach found in balloons thrown last week or last year thoughts on canvas vs blackboard? got any tips? what are some good places to have sex on campus? free chick-fil-a, smoothie king, and qdoba! welcome back to school ut! can you enroll in a class without completing the prereqs? one and two hour courses new student, stuck in room, nothing to do new student, stuck in room, nothing to do new student, stuck in room, nothing to do taking more than 17 hours? scammer alert for all new students scammer alert for all new students scammer alert for all new students scammer alert for all new students scammer alert for all new students beer brewing want to take some international friends to a frat type party, any sugges... freshman looking for something to do online course log-in? 2013 ut austin reddit meet-up 2013 ut austin reddit meet-up 2013 ut austin reddit meet-up 2013 ut austin reddit meet-up riding bikes in austin and at ut! (new to riding? want more information... riding bikes in austin and at ut! (new to riding? want more information... riding bikes in austin and at ut! (new to riding? want more information... door opens for qb vince young door opens for qb vince young hashtag laundry // a place to wash your clothes and grab a drink will be... freshmen freshmen freshmen freshmen anyone received their reserved lasp tickets? been here for 3 days. this is all very overwhelming to me. is there any... been here for 3 days. this is all very overwhelming to me. is there any... question regarding resnet best place to get clothes laundered/dry cleaned? does anyone know if what i heard is true? i heard at one time steven wei... stolen olive green mercier kilo tt from east austin best places to look for a place to live on/near campus? bus/shuttle system [repost] searchable campus map [repost] searchable campus map how realistic are my chances into transfering into ut? standing desks on campus? spring 2014 transfer anyone taken gunningham? any engineering students completed or in the bridges to the future certi... how i feel about financial aid not being released yet how i feel about financial aid not being released yet how i feel about financial aid not being released yet how i feel about financial aid not being released yet how i feel about financial aid not being released yet how i feel about financial aid not being released yet how i feel about financial aid not being released yet how i feel about financial aid not being released yet how i feel about financial aid not being released yet you all smell like poor hippies, freshman has anyone taken the chinese placement exam? apple tv on resnet? apple tv on resnet? ricky williams begins career as college coach ricky williams begins career as college coach 11 things i learned from former sg president thor lund's "what i've lea... 11 things i learned from former sg president thor lund's "what i've lea... 11 things i learned from former sg president thor lund's "what i've lea... 11 things i learned from former sg president thor lund's "what i've lea... 11 things i learned from former sg president thor lund's "what i've lea... did you not pay tuition like me at 5pm on tuesday? well luckily you have... looking for an on-campus job? william livingston, former ut leader and scholar, dies best cable/isp in west campus? tuition is due at 5pm tuition is due at 5pm tuition is due at 5pm tuition is due at 5pm tuition is due at 5pm tuition is due at 5pm tuition is due at 5pm ut football tickets ut looking to partner with the new austin aquarium on an ultra-high tec... ut looking to partner with the new austin aquarium on an ultra-high tec... ut looking to partner with the new austin aquarium on an ultra-high tec... microwaves on campus experiences in fine arts/ art history / anthropology graduate programs? riding the ut buses ... riding the ut buses ... riding the ut buses ... riding the ut buses ... riding the ut buses ... riding the ut buses ... anyone have experience with the metro rail? what's the process of transferring credit from hcc to ut? replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. replaced my fence and made a flag. are there tv rooms accessible to students who don't live in the dorms transfer credit from dccod. when is the ut bike auction? anyone know what a 'sound test' is? anyone interested in interning with intel in austin this fall? anyone interested in interning with intel in austin this fall? anyone interested in interning with intel in austin this fall? how conservative/liberal is this school? are my scholarships and grants safe? looking for new friends/more people to hang out with? i was planning on rushing a fraternity, but now i hear i am too late. is... vince young, green bay packers strike 1-year contract vince young, green bay packers strike 1-year contract vince young, green bay packers strike 1-year contract vince young, green bay packers strike 1-year contract vince young, green bay packers strike 1-year contract vince young, green bay packers strike 1-year contract to everyone moving to austin, don't end up like this guy... to everyone moving to austin, don't end up like this guy... to everyone moving to austin, don't end up like this guy... to everyone moving to austin, don't end up like this guy... to everyone moving to austin, don't end up like this guy... to everyone moving to austin, don't end up like this guy... hi! so i was wondering if anyone knew how hard it was to receive your fi... about to do my last semester in another uni, transfering to ut after... ... i'm not worthy of such a "noble mission" (x-post from r/creepypms). i'm not worthy of such a "noble mission" (x-post from r/creepypms). i'm not worthy of such a "noble mission" (x-post from r/creepypms). i'm not worthy of such a "noble mission" (x-post from r/creepypms). does anyone know anything about piazza navona condos? incoming cs major. need help deciding double major. gps flaw could let terrorists hijack ships, planes. using a laptop, a s... gps flaw could let terrorists hijack ships, planes. using a laptop, a s... vince young is being forced to sell all his stuff vince young is being forced to sell all his stuff how long for a transfer student to complete an ee degree? til our school's glee club existed as far back as 1916. this is also th... til our school's glee club existed as far back as 1916. this is also th... til our school's glee club existed as far back as 1916. this is also th... what's going on at rlm? lib. arts major here. need help finding online self-paced math class tha... the "not university sanctioned" longhorn football preview ut is having a property auction. lots of good stuff being auctioned. any advice for late orientationers? i really don't want 7:30 am classes. beautiful misunderstanding beautiful misunderstanding beautiful misunderstanding beautiful misunderstanding beautiful misunderstanding as a tier iv user... fuck. as a tier iv user... fuck. as a tier iv user... fuck. as a tier iv user... fuck. help! is it too late to join a co-op? who did you use to move you in? in between apartments and my housing problem. how to switch to cs312 honors freshman year? computer science major question computer science major question anyone have a picture of the knoll in front of cpe/etc before the clock ... be honest: how is west campus? a field guide to ut's plants and animals (incl. albino squirrel lore an... a field guide to ut's plants and animals (incl. albino squirrel lore an... a field guide to ut's plants and animals (incl. albino squirrel lore an... i think the wiki could be better utilized, not only for freshman but fo... i think the wiki could be better utilized, not only for freshman but fo... a couple of major concerns for a transfer student a year after winning the national championship at the university of tex... a year after winning the national championship at the university of tex... a year after winning the national championship at the university of tex... a year after winning the national championship at the university of tex... is there anywhere on campus i can watch breaking bad during the fall? ut student uninjured after experiencing asiana flight 214 crash landing ut student uninjured after experiencing asiana flight 214 crash landing ut student uninjured after experiencing asiana flight 214 crash landing ut student uninjured after experiencing asiana flight 214 crash landing learning how ut ranked 7th in the us; 26th in world ut ranked 7th in the us; 26th in world ut ranked 7th in the us; 26th in world ut ranked 7th in the us; 26th in world ut ranked 7th in the us; 26th in world ut ranked 7th in the us; 26th in world ut ranked 7th in the us; 26th in world ut ranked 7th in the us; 26th in world rip albino squirrel rip albino squirrel rip albino squirrel rip albino squirrel rip albino squirrel rip albino squirrel rip albino squirrel rip albino squirrel rip albino squirrel rip albino squirrel rip albino squirrel rip albino squirrel precalculus/trig tutor moving counting down the days until football season kicks off? check out r/long... how selective is the admissions process for engineering? (transfer from ... any decent non-work study jobs on/close to campus? does anyone actually know why they don't accept visa? does anyone actually know why they don't accept visa? does anyone actually know why they don't accept visa? does anyone actually know why they don't accept visa? when is fall tuition due? parties group for football games quarters wrongly locked me out of my apartment quarters wrongly locked me out of my apartment quarters wrongly locked me out of my apartment apd looking for males accused of abducting, assaulting woman in west ca... apd looking for males accused of abducting, assaulting woman in west ca... apd looking for males accused of abducting, assaulting woman in west ca... why this ut scientist is scanning his own brain over 100 times make or break year for mac brown?! did anyone else find the phrasing of the kidnapping email to be unusuall... this got me so pumped! 2013 football preview! this got me so pumped! 2013 football preview! this got me so pumped! 2013 football preview! i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. i think this subreddit needs a re-design. any female lifters at ut willing to help a beginner out at gregory? two months till kickoff. this is still the most unreal sporting even i'v... greek life ut chemists develop chip that could quench thirst of millions ut chemists develop chip that could quench thirst of millions ut chemists develop chip that could quench thirst of millions ut chemists develop chip that could quench thirst of millions ut chemists develop chip that could quench thirst of millions has anyone taken kin311 wsi / lifeguard training? new subreddit for longhorn football due to the fact that the other subre... thoughts on utla program? ut financial aid phone number? does anyone know where to find a decent 1 semester lease close to campus? anyone attending the transfer orientation this weekend? still waiting for a transfer decision? complete text of supreme court decisions in fisher v. university of texas complete text of supreme court decisions in fisher v. university of texas complete text of supreme court decisions in fisher v. university of texas how is riverside (specifically university village?) is anybody renting out a parking spot for the fall &amp; spring semester... living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer living in west campus during the summer need advice? ask here! commuters of ut, where do y'all park? commuters of ut, where do y'all park? 3/3 in west campus - rent 700/each questions about transferring biggest deal in west campus - looking for person $900xmonth. orientation tips? any way to still accept admission to ut? i think i dun goofed. anyone still looking for an apartment? need a roommate - north campus (... anyone still looking for an apartment? need a roommate - north campus (... any current students up for helping clarify the longhorn all-sports pack... late in the game; looking for a roommate for freshman year can a fellow small town longhorn tell me how their adjustment to the cit... online spanish courses? most efficient realtors? looking for an apartment (preferably with a roof, showers optional). looking for a room for summer session 2! keep it classy, ut. keep it classy, ut. keep it classy, ut. keep it classy, ut. keep it classy, ut. keep it classy, ut. keep it classy, ut. keep it classy, ut. keep it classy, ut. good places to play basketball at night? summer job in austin isd fascinating legend are the labs in cma open in the summer? looking for fun things to do in austin getting really tired of being accosted for money by beggars and canvass... getting really tired of being accosted for money by beggars and canvass... getting really tired of being accosted for money by beggars and canvass... getting really tired of being accosted for money by beggars and canvass... getting really tired of being accosted for money by beggars and canvass... getting really tired of being accosted for money by beggars and canvass... getting really tired of being accosted for money by beggars and canvass... getting really tired of being accosted for money by beggars and canvass... getting really tired of being accosted for money by beggars and canvass... crossfit/fitness club advice how does university extension work? question about transfer enrollment fulltime summer student looking for rec partners (raquetball, disc golf,... cheap meningitis vaccine? kids, don't go to ut! just making sure, but summer classes start thurs. right? what are some good blow-off electives you've taken that are "easy" a's ... what are some good blow-off electives you've taken that are "easy" a's ... 2 years down, 2 to go. 2 years down, 2 to go. 2 years down, 2 to go. 2 years down, 2 to go. 2 years down, 2 to go. 2 years down, 2 to go. 2 years down, 2 to go. 2 years down, 2 to go. 2 years down, 2 to go. til that our original baseball field had a 12-30 foot limestone cliff i... til that our original baseball field had a 12-30 foot limestone cliff i... til that our original baseball field had a 12-30 foot limestone cliff i... cracked laptop screen , can anyone help me fix? free/cheap parking near ut? ut co-ops? ut co-ops? ut vs. florida in rugby 7s national championship tournament currently o... ut vs. florida in rugby 7s national championship tournament currently o... i found a flash drive - does anybody know this girl? she was obviously ... i found a flash drive - does anybody know this girl? she was obviously ... i found a flash drive - does anybody know this girl? she was obviously ... ms in business analytics looking for former boy scouts looking for a room or roommate starting in late july-early august hey guys! first time getting an apartment, quick question for ya'll. moving to austin for the summer. need help! transfer an out-of-state aa degree to ut-austin? in jfk's speech to motivate the country to go to the moon he mentions p... in jfk's speech to motivate the country to go to the moon he mentions p... in jfk's speech to motivate the country to go to the moon he mentions p... a surreal trek across austin (and some of ut) [x-post from r/austin] a surreal trek across austin (and some of ut) [x-post from r/austin] a surreal trek across austin (and some of ut) [x-post from r/austin] a surreal trek across austin (and some of ut) [x-post from r/austin] seeking: fatty4fatty workout buddy (far west/gregory gym) seeking: fatty4fatty workout buddy (far west/gregory gym) seeking: fatty4fatty workout buddy (far west/gregory gym) seeking: fatty4fatty workout buddy (far west/gregory gym) what's the deal with the scientology place on the drag? what's the deal with the scientology place on the drag? out of state transfer students who just completed their first year (spe... out of state transfer students who just completed their first year (spe... jobs on campus kanye is projecting a new music video on campus tonight, does anybody k... kanye is projecting a new music video on campus tonight, does anybody k... need a *cheap* place to live? i am looking for a roommate starting aug. ... pinballz meetup tonight! figured this could use a cross-post students of ut austin, i need your help- ut is the most searched university in 2012 ut is the most searched university in 2012 ut is the most searched university in 2012 ut is the most searched university in 2012 ut is the most searched university in 2012 ut is the most searched university in 2012 ut is the most searched university in 2012 looking for student to sublease apartment for summer til the end of next... video of the fireworks from commencement just got accepted in to cockrell as a transfer! my heart is still beatin... financial aid award offer lower than projected coa? i asked my students to tell me what they learned in class this year. i... i asked my students to tell me what they learned in class this year. i... i asked my students to tell me what they learned in class this year. i... i asked my students to tell me what they learned in class this year. i... i asked my students to tell me what they learned in class this year. i... i asked my students to tell me what they learned in class this year. i... i asked my students to tell me what they learned in class this year. i... i asked my students to tell me what they learned in class this year. i... i asked my students to tell me what they learned in class this year. i... i asked my students to tell me what they learned in class this year. i... i asked my students to tell me what they learned in class this year. i... keep austin weird 5k question the real story of how bevo got his name 130th spring commencement address by sanya richards-ross took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. took this photo at graduation last night. thought it belonged here. could i borrow your master's/phd hood? ut dorming help? any m.arch (architecture) students here? i'm a prospective student with ... today's the day! how do y'all like my cap? today's the day! how do y'all like my cap? today's the day! how do y'all like my cap? today's the day! how do y'all like my cap? today's the day! how do y'all like my cap? engineering major sequence appeal process question on basic classes financial aid reinstatement? ut creates first video game program in the us led &amp; taught by game ... ut creates first video game program in the us led &amp; taught by game ... ut creates first video game program in the us led &amp; taught by game ... ut creates first video game program in the us led &amp; taught by game ... ut creates first video game program in the us led &amp; taught by game ... apartments in north campus (hyde park) question for anybody who parks in the timed parking zones srd &amp; appeasing my dearest mother ut austin playwrights sought to submit plays [cross-post]lost dog, really important to a close friend of mine. any h... [cross-post]lost dog, really important to a close friend of mine. any h... [cross-post]lost dog, really important to a close friend of mine. any h... divulge your favorite bathrooms on campus? (v. 350) divulge your favorite bathrooms on campus? (v. 350) divulge your favorite bathrooms on campus? (v. 350) divulge your favorite bathrooms on campus? (v. 350) pro tip: selling textbooks? check if the course is being offered next se... on this day in 1900, the regents declared ut's colors orange and white. on this day in 1900, the regents declared ut's colors orange and white. on this day in 1900, the regents declared ut's colors orange and white. on this day in 1900, the regents declared ut's colors orange and white. on this day in 1900, the regents declared ut's colors orange and white. west campus to riverside bus new pcl whiteboard art up for spring dead week/finals. new pcl whiteboard art up for spring dead week/finals. new pcl whiteboard art up for spring dead week/finals. gov 310l test med school construction plans released, changes coming to tennis courts... med school construction plans released, changes coming to tennis courts... med school construction plans released, changes coming to tennis courts... med school construction plans released, changes coming to tennis courts... med school construction plans released, changes coming to tennis courts... med school construction plans released, changes coming to tennis courts... new commencement security procedures announced new commencement security procedures announced two bills in the texas legislature revive debate over guns on campus splash bash study break at gregory pool until 5 pm: free pizza, drinks,... splash bash study break at gregory pool until 5 pm: free pizza, drinks,... part-time summer nanny job! til there is a book based on the murder that happened in 2005 in west c... til there is a book based on the murder that happened in 2005 in west c... til there is a book based on the murder that happened in 2005 in west c... til there is a book based on the murder that happened in 2005 in west c... ut grad's wife puts gopro in her bouquet jeffrey li where are you if anyone saw a random couch last weekend, it wasn't a hallucination.... if anyone saw a random couch last weekend, it wasn't a hallucination.... if anyone saw a random couch last weekend, it wasn't a hallucination.... summation of my last four years here summation of my last four years here summation of my last four years here summation of my last four years here summation of my last four years here summation of my last four years here summation of my last four years here summation of my last four years here summation of my last four years here summation of my last four years here so longhorns! congratulations to all graduates! so longhorns! congratulations to all graduates! so longhorns! congratulations to all graduates! so longhorns! congratulations to all graduates! so longhorns! congratulations to all graduates! so longhorns! congratulations to all graduates! [repost r/funny] "my husband asked my gynecologist if he was a texas l... [repost r/funny] "my husband asked my gynecologist if he was a texas l... [repost r/funny] "my husband asked my gynecologist if he was a texas l... [repost r/funny] "my husband asked my gynecologist if he was a texas l... [repost r/funny] "my husband asked my gynecologist if he was a texas l... [repost r/funny] "my husband asked my gynecologist if he was a texas l... [repost r/funny] "my husband asked my gynecologist if he was a texas l... [repost r/funny] "my husband asked my gynecologist if he was a texas l... [repost r/funny] "my husband asked my gynecologist if he was a texas l... [repost r/funny] "my husband asked my gynecologist if he was a texas l... [repost r/funny] "my husband asked my gynecologist if he was a texas l... tower lighting tonight for women's tennis team who won big 12 championship tower lighting tonight for women's tennis team who won big 12 championship his study level is over 9000! i made this stop-motion for my rtf class this semester. let me know wha... i made this stop-motion for my rtf class this semester. let me know wha... i made this stop-motion for my rtf class this semester. let me know wha... texas songhorns, a campus a capella group, are performing at the sac aud... student group sends balloon to edge of space, captures it on a gopro student group sends balloon to edge of space, captures it on a gopro student group sends balloon to edge of space, captures it on a gopro pardon the potato quality, but this was pretty legendary. pardon the potato quality, but this was pretty legendary. pardon the potato quality, but this was pretty legendary. pardon the potato quality, but this was pretty legendary. pardon the potato quality, but this was pretty legendary. pardon the potato quality, but this was pretty legendary. pardon the potato quality, but this was pretty legendary. how do you survive the next few weeks? tips on capitalizing during ut move out season anyone selling free press summer fest tickets? hiring a python, nltk tutor every damn group project...thank god the semester is ending private dorm for 2013-2014 school year longhorn on okcupid longhorn on okcupid longhorn on okcupid longhorn on okcupid longhorn on okcupid longhorn on okcupid longhorn on okcupid longhorn on okcupid longhorn on okcupid longhorn on okcupid toy joy moving! [x-post from r/austin] questioning the mission of college: the contest being waged at ut austi... questioning the mission of college: the contest being waged at ut austi... questioning the mission of college: the contest being waged at ut austi... questioning the mission of college: the contest being waged at ut austi... attention longhorn game of thrones/defiance fans cap student coming to texas in the fall. need a few pieces of advice. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. early in the morning, this gave me a chuckle. quick question: what is considered a normal summer course load? upcoming transfer student for 2013/2014: advice needed! advice for incoming freshman regarding life at ut (i'd love for others ... advice for incoming freshman regarding life at ut (i'd love for others ... advice for incoming freshman regarding life at ut (i'd love for others ... advice for incoming freshman regarding life at ut (i'd love for others ... silly aggies! what classes should i take? looking for roommate at house near ut fall '13- summer '14 $625/mo questions about spanish placement test after his son and daughter-in-law both lose legs in boston, a longhorn ... after his son and daughter-in-law both lose legs in boston, a longhorn ... after his son and daughter-in-law both lose legs in boston, a longhorn ... after his son and daughter-in-law both lose legs in boston, a longhorn ... after his son and daughter-in-law both lose legs in boston, a longhorn ... after his son and daughter-in-law both lose legs in boston, a longhorn ... registering for classes, every damn semester. registering for classes, every damn semester. registering for classes, every damn semester. registering for classes, every damn semester. registering for classes, every damn semester. registering for classes, every damn semester. registering for classes, every damn semester. registering for classes, every damn semester. amazing jordan shipley runs into bevo's area \\m// looking for a roommate fall '13-spring '14 to past transfer/cap students i need your help my internet is painfully slow everywhere on campus... on campus vs. off campus what's going on on campus today? (4/16) what's going on on campus today? (4/16) looking for a cinematographer and sound tech for student short film. texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup texas quidditch wins (harry potter's) world cup looking for a summer sublet anyone having problems running a degree audit? i need a roommate/roommates! (west campus) incoming freshman here, looking for a roommate and asking a few question... thanks austin, i'll just start drinking in bed. thanks austin, i'll just start drinking in bed. thanks austin, i'll just start drinking in bed. thanks austin, i'll just start drinking in bed. thanks austin, i'll just start drinking in bed. thanks austin, i'll just start drinking in bed. thanks austin, i'll just start drinking in bed. thanks austin, i'll just start drinking in bed. thanks austin, i'll just start drinking in bed. looking for students with a connection to lgbt centers for an interview ... help fight hunger! watch project for austin 2013! texas house panel approves guns on campus bill texas house panel approves guns on campus bill texas house panel approves guns on campus bill incoming grad student here. can anyone give me a breakdown of austin ne... incoming grad student here. can anyone give me a breakdown of austin ne... non-specific bomb threat to campus non-specific bomb threat to campus non-specific bomb threat to campus ut student government passes ar-1 in support of gender &amp; sexuality ... ut student government passes ar-1 in support of gender &amp; sexuality ... ut student government passes ar-1 in support of gender &amp; sexuality ... ut student government passes ar-1 in support of gender &amp; sexuality ... ut student government passes ar-1 in support of gender &amp; sexuality ... some more of west campus' best drivers some more of west campus' best drivers some more of west campus' best drivers some more of west campus' best drivers some more of west campus' best drivers some more of west campus' best drivers some more of west campus' best drivers tower bells ready to resume ringing tower bells ready to resume ringing tower bells ready to resume ringing google fiber coming free to ut the x-rated life of christ (an ssa uta lecture) spanish 601 i love west campus! i love west campus! i love west campus! i love west campus! i love west campus! i love west campus! i love west campus! i love west campus! i love west campus! what i was welcomed by inside a study room on the 3rd floor of the pcl what i was welcomed by inside a study room on the 3rd floor of the pcl what i was welcomed by inside a study room on the 3rd floor of the pcl what i was welcomed by inside a study room on the 3rd floor of the pcl graduating in may? want to help high school students make smart decision... question about the internet on campus local restaurant ideas he's always watching... he's always watching... he's always watching... hook'em! hook'em! hook'em! hook'em! hook'em! someone spray painted a dick on my roommate's new car last night on 25t... someone spray painted a dick on my roommate's new car last night on 25t... someone spray painted a dick on my roommate's new car last night on 25t... someone spray painted a dick on my roommate's new car last night on 25t... someone spray painted a dick on my roommate's new car last night on 25t... help the glbt resource center at a&amp;m (info below) help the glbt resource center at a&amp;m (info below) help the glbt resource center at a&amp;m (info below) help the glbt resource center at a&amp;m (info below) lance armstrong drops out of ut swimming event lance armstrong drops out of ut swimming event hey horns, i'll be travelling out of state for an internship over the su... please take this survey so we can help texas climbers! sir paul mccartney comes to erwin center may 22 look for roommate to sublease near north campus. probably not the best place to post, but we're getting desperate. sublea... nice recap of the @biz talk last night moving to austin! help! moving to michigan...any tips? my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today my thoughts after today geosciences majors! geo 401 or geo 303? what is the deal with the texas union theater? famous what starts here changes the world tv spots now on youtube famous what starts here changes the world tv spots now on youtube figs? xkcd hash breaking competition: take ut to the top my financial aid hasn't been released yet. should i be worried? on-campus jobs that don't require work-study? on-campus jobs that don't require work-study? spring game (amateur footage) [12:00] any ut public health grads out there surviving in the real world? i'm th... a few questions about working out on campus struggling with a tough decision - utaustin or gatech? anyone have any opinion on living in a co-op freshman year? planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem planet hookem holi - everything is bigger in texas holi - everything is bigger in texas a record 38,000 students applied for the 2013-14 longhorns freshman class. a record 38,000 students applied for the 2013-14 longhorns freshman class. bikers.. bikers.. bikers.. bikers.. bikers.. bikers.. what are the limits on what i can use scholarship and grant money on? how i felt after a week of new works til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... til business students don't get fractions.... am. studies conference next week - paper topics include 'curb your enthu... america's fastest supercomputer is here america's fastest supercomputer is here america's fastest supercomputer is here america's fastest supercomputer is here america's fastest supercomputer is here motion-based lighting in gdc