 buzzfeed's take on our hoos buzzfeed's take on our hoos buzzfeed's take on our hoos buzzfeed's take on our hoos hey i'm a senior trying to decide between the engineering programs at vt... accepted senior question about mcintire school of commerce accepted high school senior with engineering questions acc tournament tickets? uva basketball is now ranked #5 in the country uva basketball is now ranked #5 in the country uva basketball is now ranked #5 in the country uva basketball is now ranked #5 in the country uva basketball is now ranked #5 in the country uva basketball is now ranked #5 in the country uva basketball is now ranked #5 in the country uva basketball is now ranked #5 in the country uva basketball is now ranked #5 in the country monday classes canceled - go back to sleep monday classes canceled - go back to sleep monday classes canceled - go back to sleep monday classes canceled - go back to sleep looking for one person to sign on to our four bedroom apartment at the c... a familiar face in thornton a familiar face in thornton a familiar face in thornton a familiar face in thornton virginia's joe harris gets emotional standing ovation leaving last home... virginia's joe harris gets emotional standing ovation leaving last home... virginia's joe harris gets emotional standing ovation leaving last home... virginia's joe harris gets emotional standing ovation leaving last home... uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright uva beats syracuse 75-56, wins acc regular season title outright transfer housing uva has had big 2nd half scoring runs in the past 4 games. i put togeth... uva has had big 2nd half scoring runs in the past 4 games. i put togeth... out of state high school junior with 2 questions [meta] does anyone else find the recent influx of black sheep posts ann... [meta] does anyone else find the recent influx of black sheep posts ann... [meta] does anyone else find the recent influx of black sheep posts ann... anyone interested in meeting up at a bar in the nova area to watch the ... anyone interested in meeting up at a bar in the nova area to watch the ... (almost) high school junior here... need some advice! dedicated to the srat stars, with love. espn's jay bilas lists uva as one of his four "teams to watch in march" espn's jay bilas lists uva as one of his four "teams to watch in march" espn's jay bilas lists uva as one of his four "teams to watch in march" espn's jay bilas lists uva as one of his four "teams to watch in march" awesome campaign from gmu that should be implemented at uva awesome campaign from gmu that should be implemented at uva didn't get a syracuse ticket, today's your lucky day [cross post from /r/dogecoin] uva's hackathon is giving dogecoin as pri... [cross post from /r/dogecoin] uva's hackathon is giving dogecoin as pri... mike scott career high 30 points/6 threes full highlights (2/22/2014) mike scott career high 30 points/6 threes full highlights (2/22/2014) mike scott career high 30 points/6 threes full highlights (2/22/2014) mike scott career high 30 points/6 threes full highlights (2/22/2014) mike scott career high 30 points/6 threes full highlights (2/22/2014) rockin the vote, uva style really cool video i stumbled across on the history of live music &amp; e... hammock any students/alumni here work for conference services before? no. 14 virginia powers past notre dame, 70-49 - virginiasports.com no. 14 virginia powers past notre dame, 70-49 - virginiasports.com no. 14 virginia powers past notre dame, 70-49 - virginiasports.com no. 14 virginia powers past notre dame, 70-49 - virginiasports.com no. 14 virginia powers past notre dame, 70-49 - virginiasports.com duke winning is painful, but now uva owns a 1.5 game lead over syracuse... duke winning is painful, but now uva owns a 1.5 game lead over syracuse... back again with a last-minute transfer applicant question. uva band "the anatomy of frank" will be performing at the michie buildi... uva band "the anatomy of frank" will be performing at the michie buildi... love is love 2/21/14 - cd's fb album everyone loves ohill brunch... everyone loves ohill brunch... hack.uva - our largest hackathon yet. free entrance. free meals. free s... hack.uva - our largest hackathon yet. free entrance. free meals. free s... hi. just wanted you all to know your uva cavalier basketball team is si... hi. just wanted you all to know your uva cavalier basketball team is si... hi. just wanted you all to know your uva cavalier basketball team is si... hi. just wanted you all to know your uva cavalier basketball team is si... hi. just wanted you all to know your uva cavalier basketball team is si... hi. just wanted you all to know your uva cavalier basketball team is si... hi. just wanted you all to know your uva cavalier basketball team is si... hi. just wanted you all to know your uva cavalier basketball team is si... how does uva feel about the current state of net neutrality? cardiac cavs cardiac cavs cardiac cavs cardiac cavs hey uva, any alumni in the nova area interested in joining a young prof... hey uva, any alumni in the nova area interested in joining a young prof... anyone here in the neuroscience program? what do uva and house of cards have in common? can a chromecast be used in dorms? can a chromecast be used in dorms? calling all snow pictures calling all snow pictures lake street dive at the jefferson - x-post charlottesville this one goes out to those lucky lawnies here at uva tailors around charlottesville is little john's open? looks like i graduated too early... looks like i graduated too early... looks like i graduated too early... looks like i graduated too early... classes cancelled friday 2/14 classes cancelled friday 2/14 classes cancelled friday 2/14 classes cancelled friday 2/14 just admitted, quick question uva modified closing schedule for 02-14-14 stuck off grounds mr. jefferson's perfect valentine's day classes cancelled thurs. 2/13 classes cancelled thurs. 2/13 classes cancelled thurs. 2/13 what is the house on the top of the hill that you can see from the pati... what is the house on the top of the hill that you can see from the pati... what is the house on the top of the hill that you can see from the pati... tony bennett back in the day tony bennett back in the day tony bennett back in the day tony bennett back in the day classes cancelled for 2/13. do you want to build a snowman? justin anderson's block leads to joe harris 3-pointer for uva | acc mus... justin anderson's block leads to joe harris 3-pointer for uva | acc mus... justin anderson's block leads to joe harris 3-pointer for uva | acc mus... justin anderson's block leads to joe harris 3-pointer for uva | acc mus... justin anderson's block leads to joe harris 3-pointer for uva | acc mus... justin anderson's block leads to joe harris 3-pointer for uva | acc mus... uva masters in management of information technology uva -- now is the time to call your reps to make your wishes against mas... corner on fire corner on fire according to espn - uva has the 25th ranked recruiting class after sign... according to espn - uva has the 25th ranked recruiting class after sign... uva &amp; monticello launching a new (free!) online course: "the age of ... anyone headed to lord huron at the jefferson this weekend? hackcville media, a tech and entrepreneurial online publication for cvil... no, the wrong way on 14th st. is not a good place to park. no, the wrong way on 14th st. is not a good place to park. no, the wrong way on 14th st. is not a good place to park. no, the wrong way on 14th st. is not a good place to park. no, the wrong way on 14th st. is not a good place to park. no, the wrong way on 14th st. is not a good place to park. uva enters the ap top 25 poll at #20 following the stunning win against... uva enters the ap top 25 poll at #20 following the stunning win against... uva enters the ap top 25 poll at #20 following the stunning win against... uva enters the ap top 25 poll at #20 following the stunning win against... uva enters the ap top 25 poll at #20 following the stunning win against... uva enters the ap top 25 poll at #20 following the stunning win against... uva enters the ap top 25 poll at #20 following the stunning win against... uva beats #18 pittsburg, thanks to a malcolm brogdon game winning 3 poi... uva beats #18 pittsburg, thanks to a malcolm brogdon game winning 3 poi... uva beats #18 pittsburg, thanks to a malcolm brogdon game winning 3 poi... uva beats #18 pittsburg, thanks to a malcolm brogdon game winning 3 poi... uva beats #18 pittsburg, thanks to a malcolm brogdon game winning 3 poi... uva beats #18 pittsburg, thanks to a malcolm brogdon game winning 3 poi... uva beats #18 pittsburg, thanks to a malcolm brogdon game winning 3 poi... prospective grad student looking for something to do tonight parking as a first year? what is the fys exactly? mcintire business institute - has anyone heard good/bad things? is it wo... they are currently cutting down the magnolia trees around the rotunda. :( they are currently cutting down the magnolia trees around the rotunda. :( they are currently cutting down the magnolia trees around the rotunda. :( uva #3 best value public university per usa today/princeton review uva #3 best value public university per usa today/princeton review virginia basketball: numerical nuggets virginia basketball: numerical nuggets uva hoops now first to win 7 in acc, first 7-1 start since 1982 uva hoops now first to win 7 in acc, first 7-1 start since 1982 uva hoops now first to win 7 in acc, first 7-1 start since 1982 uva hoops now first to win 7 in acc, first 7-1 start since 1982 uva hoops now first to win 7 in acc, first 7-1 start since 1982 uva hoops now first to win 7 in acc, first 7-1 start since 1982 what is your favorite place on grounds? what is your favorite place on grounds? honor code "significance" x-post from r/charlottesville: i have 3 tickets to the lucero concert, j... thecourseforum info meeting! anyone else here play dayz? anyone else here play dayz? google apps status dashboard - uva gmail (and many other google apps) im... attention budding entrepreneurs: apply to jefferson entrepreneurial team... snowtunda snowtunda snowtunda snowtunda snowtunda snowtunda fraternity reputation virginia cavaliers 2014-2015 football season schedule released virginia cavaliers 2014-2015 football season schedule released overly obsessed president overly obsessed president overly obsessed president overly obsessed president overly obsessed president overly obsessed president can you all help me out by taking this survey really quick? it's about a... did anyone else hear university chapel a little after 4:00 yesterday? acc play bringing out the best in virginia acc play bringing out the best in virginia uva hoops is now 5-1 in the acc. average margin of victory in those 5 c... uva hoops is now 5-1 in the acc. average margin of victory in those 5 c... uva hoops is now 5-1 in the acc. average margin of victory in those 5 c... uva hoops is now 5-1 in the acc. average margin of victory in those 5 c... uva hoops is now 5-1 in the acc. average margin of victory in those 5 c... uva hoops is now 5-1 in the acc. average margin of victory in those 5 c... uva and charlottesville's own "the anatomy of frank" have started their... uva and charlottesville's own "the anatomy of frank" have started their... how is uva's math program? any other alumni having issues with netbadge? hey r/uva amazon is doing a promotion for free prime membership for coll... rotunda renovations to impact 2015 (and potentially, 2016) final exercises anyone (know of anyone) driving down to richmond tomorrow afternoon? what was that siren at 1:50am for? what was that siren at 1:50am for? please join us on mlk day in richmond to remember the victims of gun vio... what are the benefits of pass/fail classes? went to the uva nc state game, not many pack fans could sit through thi... went to the uva nc state game, not many pack fans could sit through thi... went to the uva nc state game, not many pack fans could sit through thi... went to the uva nc state game, not many pack fans could sit through thi... went to the uva nc state game, not many pack fans could sit through thi... went to the uva nc state game, not many pack fans could sit through thi... went to the uva nc state game, not many pack fans could sit through thi... cville noir. i need input and advice on where to publish it. do you guys know if it's possible to connect a jailbroken iphone to the ... uva's only student-run record label needs your help with fundraising; p... uva's only student-run record label needs your help with fundraising; p... who is your favorite uva alum? who is your favorite uva alum? we're hiring an intern at uva! it is paid and you work on your own time.... newest snl cast member is a recent hoo-grad newest snl cast member is a recent hoo-grad newest snl cast member is a recent hoo-grad newest snl cast member is a recent hoo-grad newest snl cast member is a recent hoo-grad newest snl cast member is a recent hoo-grad newest snl cast member is a recent hoo-grad newest snl cast member is a recent hoo-grad difficulty of two particular summer courses? i'm black and poor. will this matter during fraternity rush? i'm black and poor. will this matter during fraternity rush? i'm black and poor. will this matter during fraternity rush? engineers, what are the easiest technical electives? places to go alone on new years eve? knockout: victims of brutal downtown mall assault want arrests, and ans... knockout: victims of brutal downtown mall assault want arrests, and ans... knockout: victims of brutal downtown mall assault want arrests, and ans... knockout: victims of brutal downtown mall assault want arrests, and ans... if you could start a charlottesville business charlottesville/uva then &amp; now charlottesville/uva then &amp; now charlottesville/uva then &amp; now charlottesville/uva then &amp; now corner bridge, 1906 corner bridge, 1906 corner bridge, 1906 corner bridge, 1906 corner bridge, 1906 corner bridge, 1906 corner bridge, 1906 corner bridge, 1906 corner bridge, 1906 pink &amp; blue rotunda is it corny to write my supplemental essay on this? looking for a pet friendly spring sublet near grounds/on the uts bus line high school senior interested in uva's systems engineering program admissions question easy a classes at uva? the uva religious hierarchy the uva religious hierarchy the uva religious hierarchy the uva religious hierarchy the uva religious hierarchy does anyone have a hard drive dock? mike london continues his improbably successful 2014 recruitment with u... mike london continues his improbably successful 2014 recruitment with u... schools await list of student-customers from fake id ring schools await list of student-customers from fake id ring awesome frisbee shots uva alum from '96 makes sick christmas video uva alum from '96 makes sick christmas video uva alum from '96 makes sick christmas video uva alum from '96 makes sick christmas video uva alum from '96 makes sick christmas video phone stollen at afc oh, just another recognition that uva is da best. wahoowa :) transfer from virginia tech? from programming languages to auto mechanics, engineering students give... from programming languages to auto mechanics, engineering students give... should i apply to uva? should i apply to uva? best approach for potential transfer student? best thing to order at bodo's? best thing to order at bodo's? best thing to order at bodo's? how competitive is it to get into the ms in commerce program or live on ... why can i not buy a decent uva basketball jersey anywhere? tips for a first year who wants to live on the lawn? the lit lawn the lit lawn the lit lawn the lit lawn the lit lawn the lit lawn the lit lawn official video from the lighting of the lawn official video from the lighting of the lawn official video from the lighting of the lawn official video from the lighting of the lawn official video from the lighting of the lawn lighting of the lawn- rotunda lighting of the lawn- rotunda lighting of the lawn- rotunda lighting of the lawn- rotunda lighting of the lawn- rotunda lighting of the lawn- rotunda lighting of the lawn- rotunda lighting of the lawn- can't hold us have you seen this dog? (please upvote for visibility!) have you seen this dog? (please upvote for visibility!) have you seen this dog? (please upvote for visibility!) have you seen this dog? (please upvote for visibility!) have you seen this dog? (please upvote for visibility!) have you seen this dog? (please upvote for visibility!) have you seen this dog? (please upvote for visibility!) have you seen this dog? (please upvote for visibility!) hi hoos - i'm the developer for vabc, a virginia abc store app, and i ju... how hard are the summer language institute programs? what are the differences between full-time and part-time? speeding in madison county speeding in madison county darden graduate business school so how did you (graduates) find a roommate for after college? housing off grounds any advice from uva students for someone seeking entrance into one of th... what grade constitutes getting credit for a course? looking for a female roommate spring 2014 how intensive are j-term courses? comment on mcintire school of commerce which majors lead to which occupations graphic - sent to me by uva magazine question about transferring from cc uva sports reddit denzel curry at theta delta chi house. nov. 23 info please denzel curry at theta delta chi house. nov. 23 info please failed calc 2 speech/speaking classes? leonid meteor shower wait lists? despite what previous seasons have shown, two 5* prospects for next year... competitive starcraft players have a chance to represent uva in competition full-time student, reduced course load? prospective students - changes in uva financial aid good spot on the corner for a first date? good spot on the corner for a first date? obligatory post for easy classes as a second semester fourth year! got to see mr. ohanian at crozet on saturday. cool beans. got to see mr. ohanian at crozet on saturday. cool beans. got to see mr. ohanian at crozet on saturday. cool beans. public computers on grounds? thanks to r/uva for wtp event support thanks to r/uva for wtp event support uva assoc. dean michael g. morris is facing child porn charges [?] uva assoc. dean michael g. morris is facing child porn charges [?] do meal swipes carry over to spring semester? the things that are the advantages of full color business cards how does a one credit (pass/fail) course affect your gpa? found this hat i won in a claw machine. it's pretty old. i live in ga, ... found this hat i won in a claw machine. it's pretty old. i live in ga, ... found this hat i won in a claw machine. it's pretty old. i live in ga, ... found this hat i won in a claw machine. it's pretty old. i live in ga, ... barracks rd harris teeter jack jouett apartments? church bells at 5pm 11/1/13 student writes scathing column against legacy. as an alumnus, i disagree... r/uva css rsvp to alexis ohanian's "without their permission" uva tour stop - deta... an alumnus says "thank you" an alumnus says "thank you" an alumnus says "thank you" an alumnus says "thank you" an alumnus says "thank you" an alumnus says "thank you" staffers: what's it like to work at uva? to tweet or not to tweet? how many virginia college students does it take to change a light bulb? how many virginia college students does it take to change a light bulb? how many virginia college students does it take to change a light bulb? how many virginia college students does it take to change a light bulb? how many virginia college students does it take to change a light bulb? how many virginia college students does it take to change a light bulb? how many virginia college students does it take to change a light bulb? how many virginia college students does it take to change a light bulb? quick 10 step social media guide to "yar" quick 10 step social media guide to "yar" thecourseforum just released it's new site with new data exchange student needs help! question about the availability of engineering vs liberal arts classes alexis ohanian, reddit co-founder and uva alum, is coming to uva novemb... alexis ohanian, reddit co-founder and uva alum, is coming to uva novemb... 25 colleges where students are both hot and smart: uva comes in at #3 25 colleges where students are both hot and smart: uva comes in at #3 25 colleges where students are both hot and smart: uva comes in at #3 batten school dean harry harding to step down alright wahoos...how do i get from the airport to the corner guide to free food around grounds guide to free food around grounds what's going on with the backyard? should we keep london for another year? is there hope? what do you think? a picture of the rotunda. a picture of the rotunda. a picture of the rotunda. a picture of the rotunda. a picture of the rotunda. a picture of the rotunda. a picture of the rotunda. anybody need housing? university heights aparments? rules for viewing film on grounds if i rent camping gear from uva from friday to sunday night, will they c... saw this article on the petition to block arianna huffington's visit on... saw this article on the petition to block arianna huffington's visit on... 2 tickets for sat football game umd vs uva cavalier marching band halftime - the evolution of dance - 10/5/2013 - ... cavalier marching band halftime - the evolution of dance - 10/5/2013 - ... cavalier marching band halftime - the evolution of dance - 10/5/2013 - ... cavalier marching band halftime - the evolution of dance - 10/5/2013 - ... cavalier marching band halftime - the evolution of dance - 10/5/2013 - ... 2013-2014 full-time and part-time tuition costs for all colleges 2013-2014 full-time and part-time tuition costs for all colleges denver broncos qb peyton manning to be valediction speaker for uva. denver broncos qb peyton manning to be valediction speaker for uva. denver broncos qb peyton manning to be valediction speaker for uva. denver broncos qb peyton manning to be valediction speaker for uva. 1998 university of virginia graduates still taking inspiration from gove... wasn't expecting this so soon - without their permission wasn't expecting this so soon - without their permission wasn't expecting this so soon - without their permission headliner hairstyles for a guy's haircut? what's it like living in brown? what's it like living in brown? looking for someone to lease my apartment so i can move! anyone going to mountain oasis? 1895 burning of the rotunda (colorized by isaac kim) 1895 burning of the rotunda (colorized by isaac kim) 1895 burning of the rotunda (colorized by isaac kim) 1895 burning of the rotunda (colorized by isaac kim) 1895 burning of the rotunda (colorized by isaac kim) 1895 burning of the rotunda (colorized by isaac kim) setting up chromecast in the dorms slightly disturbing anonymous confession from (presumably) a uva profess... did anyone see what the airplane with the banner said? cav daily wins suit: 4th circuit holds that virginia's prohibition on a... cav daily wins suit: 4th circuit holds that virginia's prohibition on a... cav daily wins suit: 4th circuit holds that virginia's prohibition on a... some pixelated scenes of our favorite school. post #1 to organize reddit co-founder/uva-alum alexis ohanian's "withou... post #1 to organize reddit co-founder/uva-alum alexis ohanian's "withou... post #1 to organize reddit co-founder/uva-alum alexis ohanian's "withou... tips looking for apartments what do the different versions of the ringing of the chapel church bell... what do the different versions of the ringing of the chapel church bell... i took a photo/video every single day at uva. i finally made something ... i took a photo/video every single day at uva. i finally made something ... i took a photo/video every single day at uva. i finally made something ... i took a photo/video every single day at uva. i finally made something ... i took a photo/video every single day at uva. i finally made something ... yoga classes i took a photo/video every single day at uva. i finally made something w... anyone headed to the dc area thursday night or early friday morning? question regarding plus dollars charlottesville turbojugend questions mainly for engineers i got a laugh out of this i got a laugh out of this i got a laugh out of this i got a laugh out of this i got a laugh out of this u-va. should break some ties with state, panel says in preliminary report u-va. should break some ties with state, panel says in preliminary report u-va. should break some ties with state, panel says in preliminary report how difficult is it to transfer to uva? i can't believe this is real. (vt writing textbook) i can't believe this is real. (vt writing textbook) i can't believe this is real. (vt writing textbook) i can't believe this is real. (vt writing textbook) i can't believe this is real. (vt writing textbook) i can't believe this is real. (vt writing textbook) still new here - hello! return of the spambeth? return of the spambeth? uva bus system? question about transferring into the school of engineering oregon impressions oregon impressions oregon impressions oregon impressions first year housing question do you guys ever feel overwhelmed? do you guys ever feel overwhelmed? sophomore in hs, uva is my dream school at&amp;t service on grounds? dean groves attempts high-five world record dean groves attempts high-five world record early action vs regular decision video on the frontpage looks exactly like our chem auditorium. student a... just a heads up to people interested in college sports... just a heads up to people interested in college sports... just a heads up to people interested in college sports... just a heads up to people interested in college sports... scaatuva cio armored combat demo &amp; practice tonight @ the dells. com... how hard is it to get accepted into the jefferson society? where can i find an erg machine on grounds? does main street arena have pick up hockey games? looking to transfer out of the e-school. any thoughts? student death: any info? student death: any info? well, guys, it's the end week one of my first year. i just streaked the ... convocation address to the class of 2017 tables turn on fontaine avenue robbery suspects tables turn on fontaine avenue robbery suspects tables turn on fontaine avenue robbery suspects tables turn on fontaine avenue robbery suspects tables turn on fontaine avenue robbery suspects where do people in c-ville look for developers to hire? uva churns out the most self-made men of any university - april 2013 ar... uva churns out the most self-made men of any university - april 2013 ar... spanish professor recommendations football season is officially here, it's game week! here's the just rel... football season is officially here, it's game week! here's the just rel... is it possible to work a job while being a wahoo? are there any billiards tables on/near grounds? eagle's crash landings central virginia star party is tonight! come hang out and look through ... central virginia star party is tonight! come hang out and look through ... what's the dumbest thing you did in your first year? what's the dumbest thing you did in your first year? collab sites not showing up? i was a first-year ra for 4 years ama i start my first day of my first year at uva tomorrow. any last minute ... i start my first day of my first year at uva tomorrow. any last minute ... petition to fully reinstate accessuva financial aid program petition to fully reinstate accessuva financial aid program headed to cross scott stadium off my list, can anyone show me uva pride? headed to cross scott stadium off my list, can anyone show me uva pride? hoo's going to interlocken rising second year cheme transfer from clas experiences with comcast in charlottesville? what numbers should every uva student have in their phone first time seeing clark's ash catcher catch on fire... didn't think the... first time seeing clark's ash catcher catch on fire... didn't think the... first time seeing clark's ash catcher catch on fire... didn't think the... internet use hey wahoos, we're 16 days out from filling the hill at scott again. so,... hey wahoos, we're 16 days out from filling the hill at scott again. so,... hey wahoos, we're 16 days out from filling the hill at scott again. so,... hey wahoos, we're 16 days out from filling the hill at scott again. so,... question for out-of-state uva students, current or alum tell me about greek life ben &amp; jerry's "liz lemon" flavor chem 1810/1811 - how hard are they? is anyone looking for someone to decorate their apartment? anyone here interested in startups? off-grounds single room in house available for 2013-2014 school year to all incoming first years, ysk about amazon student membership that yo... big stem class at uva watford named starting qb watford named starting qb virginia scrimmaged saturday at the field used as the stadium from 1901... virginia scrimmaged saturday at the field used as the stadium from 1901... ring sales? ingress - a geocaching/capture the flag game for android - uva needs mor... business insider ranks virginia tech #5 in nation for best college campu... u.va. to end no-loans policy for lower-income students would there be legal trouble if i made shirts with uva and logos on it? can uva please do this? can uva please do this? can uva please do this? should i audition for many a cappella groups or just choose one? anyone want to start a punk band? anyone want to start a punk band? low grades letter - possibly getting rescinded, help? the acc school mount rushmores: virginia--need help on the 4 (feel free ... where should i go to get a hair cut? please take a moment to vote for uva startup, pledge4good, in the empowe... pure bars, not bar restaurants, near uva? beautiful picture(s) of the lawn of the seasons (xpost r/pics) beautiful picture(s) of the lawn of the seasons (xpost r/pics) beautiful picture(s) of the lawn of the seasons (xpost r/pics) beautiful picture(s) of the lawn of the seasons (xpost r/pics) mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! mccormick bridge is fixed! answer questions about uva do you need to show id for access to buildings? virginia tech student in running for homecoming queen sends letter to n... virginia tech student in running for homecoming queen sends letter to n... virginia tech student in running for homecoming queen sends letter to n... virginia tech student in running for homecoming queen sends letter to n... the carl smith center @ 4am the carl smith center @ 4am the carl smith center @ 4am the carl smith center @ 4am the carl smith center @ 4am the carl smith center @ 4am mailing error compromises student social security numbers mailing error compromises student social security numbers mailing error compromises student social security numbers mailing error compromises student social security numbers 15 of the world's most beautiful universities revealed (uva at #12) 15 of the world's most beautiful universities revealed (uva at #12) 15 of the world's most beautiful universities revealed (uva at #12) 15 of the world's most beautiful universities revealed (uva at #12) vt fuck my life immediately? vt fuck my life immediately? vt fuck my life immediately? vt fuck my life immediately? vt fuck my life immediately? vt fuck my life immediately? vt fuck my life immediately? vt fuck my life immediately? vt fuck my life immediately? our only nfl draft pick, oday aboushi, already on the espn.com front page r/charlottesville meetup july 26th virginia state police to review charlottesville abc incident virginia state police to review charlottesville abc incident virginia state police to review charlottesville abc incident virginia state police to review charlottesville abc incident /r/collegebasketball's 150+ teams in 150+ days: uva cavaliers /r/collegebasketball's 150+ teams in 150+ days: uva cavaliers so /r/uva, what are your favorite organizations on grounds? mark bernardino retires after 35 years of coaching uva men's and women'... mark bernardino retires after 35 years of coaching uva men's and women'... charlottesville restaurant week (july 8th-14th) charlottesville restaurant week (july 8th-14th) places to live around uva/does anyone need a roomate? hoos living in nc? get a uva license plate! hoos living in nc? get a uva license plate! engineers at uva develop new water filter methods made from local materi... a picture taken in the infrared range of light (x-post /r/pics) a picture taken in the infrared range of light (x-post /r/pics) this picture was taken in the infrared light spectrum (x-post from /r/p... this picture was taken in the infrared light spectrum (x-post from /r/p... uva football lands #1 dt in the country uva football lands #1 dt in the country uva football lands #1 dt in the country uva football lands #1 dt in the country bottled-water purchase leads to night in jail for uva student bottled-water purchase leads to night in jail for uva student bottled-water purchase leads to night in jail for uva student bottled-water purchase leads to night in jail for uva student bottled-water purchase leads to night in jail for uva student bottled-water purchase leads to night in jail for uva student bottled-water purchase leads to night in jail for uva student russian speakers and learners at uva? uva rotunda roof painting delayed until fall photographers of uva, halp! photographers of uva, halp! tina fey is coming to uva mid september tina fey is coming to uva mid september tina fey is coming to uva mid september tina fey is coming to uva mid september as a high schooler, i was wondering about uva's atmosphere. mott 50 - uv clothing i learned that the reddit founders were wahoos... chillin for the summer? come check out a free show this thursday night!!... cleaning out my cio's locker and i found this ol' beauty... cleaning out my cio's locker and i found this ol' beauty... cleaning out my cio's locker and i found this ol' beauty... cleaning out my cio's locker and i found this ol' beauty... cleaning out my cio's locker and i found this ol' beauty... cleaning out my cio's locker and i found this ol' beauty... what's the name of the hat that snoo is wearing? summer bars? first year laptop purchase? uva hoops update - paul jesperson transferring uva box: cloud-based storage &amp; collaboration service uva box: cloud-based storage &amp; collaboration service firefly festival firefly festival advice on transferring? accepted to chem grad school is it possible to purchase regular books online from the uva bookstore? is there any hope for classes already full for first years? it's that time of year, if you work over by the hospital... it's that time of year, if you work over by the hospital... any comp sci majors? att lte? phillip sims out at uva phillip sims out at uva uva baseball regional starts today - o'connor's vision need help deciding if i should transfer into seas? good place to get a car inspection? doing research at uva next week, places to park? charlottesville after graduation... charlottesville after graduation... charlottesville after graduation... charlottesville after graduation... charlottesville after graduation... charlottesville after graduation... charlottesville after graduation... midsummers midsummers anyone looking for a last minute summer sublet on jpa (480/month or best... ms commerce at mcintire - looking for opinions on the program, especiall... stay at current school or transfer to uva? need some advice... stay at current school or transfer to uva? need some advice... the old mccormick bridge is gone the old mccormick bridge is gone the old mccormick bridge is gone the old mccormick bridge is gone the old mccormick bridge is gone the old mccormick bridge is gone the old mccormick bridge is gone the old mccormick bridge is gone the old mccormick bridge is gone the old mccormick bridge is gone moving to charlottesville from northern indiana - looking for moving/dri... charlottesville then &amp; now [x-post from /r/charlottesville] charlottesville then &amp; now [x-post from /r/charlottesville] uva men's tennis are national champs! virginia 4-3 ucla in ncaa finals! uva men's tennis are national champs! virginia 4-3 ucla in ncaa finals! uva men's tennis are national champs! virginia 4-3 ucla in ncaa finals! uva men's tennis are national champs! virginia 4-3 ucla in ncaa finals! uva men's tennis are national champs! virginia 4-3 ucla in ncaa finals! uva men's tennis are national champs! virginia 4-3 ucla in ncaa finals! uva men's tennis are national champs! virginia 4-3 ucla in ncaa finals! uva men's tennis are national champs! virginia 4-3 ucla in ncaa finals! uva men's tennis are national champs! virginia 4-3 ucla in ncaa finals! uva men's tennis are national champs! virginia 4-3 ucla in ncaa finals! my view walking the lawn for final exercises with my gopro my view walking the lawn for final exercises with my gopro my view walking the lawn for final exercises with my gopro let's be real, fellow graduates... let's be real, fellow graduates... introduction to public health? where to download office 2013 for the uva bookstore's price? thoughts on sen. webb's commencement speech? full video of stephen colbert's valedictory address full video of stephen colbert's valedictory address full video of stephen colbert's valedictory address full video of stephen colbert's valedictory address full video of stephen colbert's valedictory address full video of stephen colbert's valedictory address full video of stephen colbert's valedictory address full video of stephen colbert's valedictory address stephen colbert tweets during his valedictory exercise speech. stephen colbert tweets during his valedictory exercise speech. stephen colbert tweets during his valedictory exercise speech. stephen colbert tweets during his valedictory exercise speech. gunshot of fireworks? has anyone successfully transferred from vcu (or any other undergrad sch... running back clifton richardson to transfer hey uva! i just released a new android app for the vabc store you may b... hey uva! i just released a new android app for the vabc store you may b... when do grades have to be out by? stephen colbert: can i get a spellcheck on "wahoowa"? need help finding a good body shop in c'ville why are uva students amazing at shooting three-pointers in street basket... interested in transferring to uva... interested in transferring to uva... olympic weightlifting at uva? inclement weather leads to unique distinction for class of 2013 | uva t... inclement weather leads to unique distinction for class of 2013 | uva t... 3 in custody after fake id ring busted in charlottesville - nbc29 3 in custody after fake id ring busted in charlottesville - nbc29 3 in custody after fake id ring busted in charlottesville - nbc29 almost feel bad procrastinating in here... almost feel bad procrastinating in here... almost feel bad procrastinating in here... almost feel bad procrastinating in here... almost feel bad procrastinating in here... almost feel bad procrastinating in here... almost feel bad procrastinating in here... almost feel bad procrastinating in here... almost feel bad procrastinating in here... almost feel bad procrastinating in here... what's your favorite bodo's bagels sandwich combination? what's your favorite bodo's bagels sandwich combination? uva celebrity "buzzard pete", circa 1905 last class to live in dunnington dorm - got to decorate my room however... last class to live in dunnington dorm - got to decorate my room however... last class to live in dunnington dorm - got to decorate my room however... last class to live in dunnington dorm - got to decorate my room however... last class to live in dunnington dorm - got to decorate my room however... last class to live in dunnington dorm - got to decorate my room however... networking can fight sexual assault on college campuses urban exploration meet-up: monday may 6th, 9pm, amphitheater. what's the best way to check out housing on jpa? uva! come see love canon tonight, 5/4, at the southern; bluegrass 80s fo... why i chose uva i would like to [challenge] an enterprising young uva student to combin... i would like to [challenge] an enterprising young uva student to combin... beta bridge beta bridge beta bridge graduate student culture? advice for the wait-listed? question about studying business and computer science learn to groove... over the summer clubs and extracurriculars clubs and extracurriculars any architecture students on here? got accepted as a transfer, trying to decide what do you guys get paid for internships? what do you guys get paid for internships? steamtunneling? steamtunneling? website/web app to find your friends at foxfield website/web app to find your friends at foxfield cav daily: love connection (the funniest cd article i've ever read) cav daily: love connection (the funniest cd article i've ever read) cav daily: love connection (the funniest cd article i've ever read) suspicious chemical spill at carruthers? suspicious chemical spill at carruthers? chance to win food on grounds! trying to decide on housing (i'm going to be a first-year) big white boards annual student ice cream social | tuesday, april 30th annual student ice cream social | tuesday, april 30th streak the lawn. alexis ohanian, founder of reddit, visited us on friday and drew a cava... alexis ohanian, founder of reddit, visited us on friday and drew a cava... alexis ohanian, founder of reddit, visited us on friday and drew a cava... alexis ohanian, founder of reddit, visited us on friday and drew a cava... alexis ohanian, founder of reddit, visited us on friday and drew a cava... alexis ohanian, founder of reddit, visited us on friday and drew a cava... alexis ohanian, founder of reddit, visited us on friday and drew a cava... alexis ohanian, founder of reddit, visited us on friday and drew a cava... anyone up for an adventure before graduation? (non-4th years welcome) anyone up for an adventure before graduation? (non-4th years welcome) earth week uva | april 20-26, 2013 | schedule of events quick questions from prospective student reddit co-founder alexis ohanian at the computer in alderman where it a... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian at the computer in alderman where it a... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian at the computer in alderman where it a... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian at the computer in alderman where it a... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian at the computer in alderman where it a... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian at the computer in alderman where it a... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian at the computer in alderman where it a... reddit co-founder alexis ohanian at the computer in alderman where it a... uva board of visitors votes to increase tuition uva board of visitors votes to increase tuition whovian sighting at five guys in light of all this hacking, remember this... [xkcd] in light of all this hacking, remember this... [xkcd] in light of all this hacking, remember this... [xkcd] university of virginia police investigate stolen ambulance university of virginia police investigate stolen ambulance any wahoos participating in tough mudder on 4/20? looking for a ride bac... virginia homepage hacked 4-15-2013 virginia homepage hacked 4-15-2013 virginia homepage hacked 4-15-2013 virginia homepage hacked 4-15-2013 virginia homepage hacked 4-15-2013 the cavalier daily  the cavalier daily  well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? well, it took a year... now what do i do with this? alexis ohanian ('05) will be leading a flash seminar this friday aftern... alexis ohanian ('05) will be leading a flash seminar this friday aftern... a question about greek life... paul jesperson leaving men's bball team uva student could win chance to go to space uva student could win chance to go to space uva's kappa alpha fraternity under investigation uva's kappa alpha fraternity under investigation uva's kappa alpha fraternity under investigation the rotunda going up in flames - 1895 the rotunda going up in flames - 1895 the rotunda going up in flames - 1895 the rotunda going up in flames - 1895 the rotunda going up in flames - 1895 i'm a high school junior, and i know this is a subreddit for uva student... as an alum, this is how i remember walking the lawn. as an alum, this is how i remember walking the lawn. as an alum, this is how i remember walking the lawn. as an alum, this is how i remember walking the lawn. as an alum, this is how i remember walking the lawn. looking for roommates for next year my meche capstone team is conducting a survey about beer bottle reuse. w... false rumors of #uvadormsearch prompt alcohol dumping, hilarious tweets false rumors of #uvadormsearch prompt alcohol dumping, hilarious tweets false rumors of #uvadormsearch prompt alcohol dumping, hilarious tweets false rumors of #uvadormsearch prompt alcohol dumping, hilarious tweets false rumors of #uvadormsearch prompt alcohol dumping, hilarious tweets uva is the smartest party school in the country. uva is the smartest party school in the country. some guys in pika are running a tough mudder race to support the wounde... some guys in pika are running a tough mudder race to support the wounde... it's supposed to be in the 80s all week... great time to eat a picnic on... abc launches operation charlottesville abc launches operation charlottesville so it's that time of the year again... dean groves mandates that pledges be initiated by april 6 dean groves mandates that pledges be initiated by april 6 dean groves mandates that pledges be initiated by april 6 uva investigates hazing allegations at fraternities - nbc29 wvir charlo... uva investigates hazing allegations at fraternities - nbc29 wvir charlo... psa: gordon library having a huge sale! psa: gordon library having a huge sale! late night at little johns late night at little johns late night at little johns an excellent speech from a recent uva grad, john benjamin an excellent speech from a recent uva grad, john benjamin so my friend made a really useful lou's list add-on for google chrome so my friend made a really useful lou's list add-on for google chrome so my friend made a really useful lou's list add-on for google chrome so my friend made a really useful lou's list add-on for google chrome cavlink - 39599 - technology services assistant (tsa) chairs on the lawn this weekend chairs on the lawn this weekend possibly the best joke uva article of all time. it has everything. possibly the best joke uva article of all time. it has everything. possibly the best joke uva article of all time. it has everything. abc raid abc raid abc raid abc raid arrests at the corner incoming first year premed darden bschool? this just showed up on my facebook..."the university of virginia has sto... freshman roommate advice requested freshman roommate advice requested any human bio or neuroscience majors on here ?  any human bio or neuroscience majors on here ?  anyone got green? good luck to all uva hopefuls who applied for fall 2013 admission - tod... good luck to all uva hopefuls who applied for fall 2013 admission - tod... good luck to all uva hopefuls who applied for fall 2013 admission - tod... katie couric and tina fey share their uva college confessions katie couric and tina fey share their uva college confessions katie couric and tina fey share their uva college confessions katie couric and tina fey share their uva college confessions katie couric and tina fey share their uva college confessions katie couric and tina fey share their uva college confessions katie couric and tina fey share their uva college confessions uva is still triple-a uva is still triple-a uva compliments/crushes on facebook '80s ponytail snatcher? '80s ponytail snatcher? global development studies how many classes do people usually take per summer session? so about these 3d printers... why did i receive this? uva song uva no. 1 seed in nit uva no. 1 seed in nit uva no. 1 seed in nit anyone know the best places to fish around here? university of virginia crisis reflects wider conflict - n.y. times university of virginia crisis reflects wider conflict - n.y. times hoo likes to drink? hey uva! help us represent our cavalier football team on the college fo... hey uva! help us represent our cavalier football team on the college fo... hey uva! help us represent our cavalier football team on the college fo... 4 top colleges just as great as the ivy league schools anybody know what happened on the lawn thursday night? anybody know what happened on the lawn thursday night? how do you guys think uva handled the snowpocalypse? snow snow snowmen @uva snow snow snowmen @uva snow snow snowmen @uva snow v-sabres snow v-sabres snow v-sabres giant-ass snowball fight on the lawn tonight giant-ass snowball fight on the lawn tonight food for thought snowing on grounds! snowing on grounds! snowing on grounds! snowing on grounds! snowing on grounds! snowing on grounds! classes cancelled wednesday march 6th 2013 classes cancelled wednesday march 6th 2013 for anyone else that is up late working while also monitoring the possi... for anyone else that is up late working while also monitoring the possi... i've been a doctoral student here for three years now. today, i went to... i've been a doctoral student here for three years now. today, i went to... i've been a doctoral student here for three years now. today, i went to... we aren't the most creative of people. students approve informed retraction, reject honor proposal including ju... moving day for coach o'brien.  new oc at uva, moved his stuff out oh his... hey uva - please make sure to stay safe on the roads on wednesday, big ... hey uva - please make sure to stay safe on the roads on wednesday, big ... vote for joey hoops! vote for joey hoops! what's a good, nice place to go out for dinner when my family visits for... excited virginia fans storm court to beat shit out of duke basketball team excited virginia fans storm court to beat shit out of duke basketball team excited virginia fans storm court to beat shit out of duke basketball team excited virginia fans storm court to beat shit out of duke basketball team excited virginia fans storm court to beat shit out of duke basketball team uva beats duke! uva beats duke! uva beats duke! uva beats duke! uva beats duke! uva beats duke! uva beats duke! uva beats duke! coach k? coach k? coach k? coach k? oh hey there coach k. oh hey there coach k. oh hey there coach k. oh hey there coach k. overheard at the game... overheard at the game... did duke win? #beatduke #beatduke #beatduke #beatduke lou bloomfield (lou's list) invented a new silicone rubber lou bloomfield (lou's list) invented a new silicone rubber lou bloomfield (lou's list) invented a new silicone rubber uva law student with 'kind heart' wins $20,000 on ellen degeneres show uva law student with 'kind heart' wins $20,000 on ellen degeneres show uva law student with 'kind heart' wins $20,000 on ellen degeneres show we just locked down the #4 high school recruit in the nation. not bad. we just locked down the #4 high school recruit in the nation. not bad. we just locked down the #4 high school recruit in the nation. not bad. we just locked down the #4 high school recruit in the nation. not bad. good coding class? thanks, bing. thanks, bing. thanks, bing. thanks, bing. thanks, bing. virginia announces 2013 football schedule virginia announces 2013 football schedule can everybody please go to elzinga's course forum page right now? can everybody please go to elzinga's course forum page right now? meanwhile in newcomb... meanwhile in newcomb... meanwhile in newcomb... meanwhile in newcomb... meanwhile in newcomb... meanwhile in newcomb... meanwhile in newcomb... meanwhile in newcomb... i am coming to the game this sunday, want to show the kids the campus... the lawn. i love my school.  the lawn. i love my school.  the lawn. i love my school.  the lawn. i love my school.  the lawn. i love my school.  the lawn. i love my school.  the lawn. i love my school.  the lawn. i love my school.  vote no on the honor reform...here is a new look vote no on the honor reform...here is a new look vote no on the honor reform...here is a new look rotunda under construction.  engineers, visit my new campaign subreddit. shiv sinha for engineering s... the chapel  the chapel  the chapel  the chapel  the chapel  the chapel  uva men's tennis team wins 5th national indoor championship in the last... uva men's tennis team wins 5th national indoor championship in the last... uva men's tennis team wins 5th national indoor championship in the last... uva men's tennis team wins 5th national indoor championship in the last... uva investigating reported assault and abduction  official uva harlem shake! official uva harlem shake! official uva harlem shake! official uva harlem shake! official uva harlem shake! official uva harlem shake! official uva harlem shake! official uva harlem shake! official uva harlem shake! sometimes i'm amazed by the talent at this school [x-post from r/acappella] opposition to the proposal. uva first-year student commits suicide by laying on train tracks. uva first-year student commits suicide by laying on train tracks. uva first-year student commits suicide by laying on train tracks. uva first-year student commits suicide by laying on train tracks. watch/ listen to uva lax a discussion about uva home basketball games and the pep band uva harlem shake: mcgregor edition john kerry to give his first foreign policy speech at uva next wednesday john kerry to give his first foreign policy speech at uva next wednesday john kerry to give his first foreign policy speech at uva next wednesday john kerry to give his first foreign policy speech at uva next wednesday convicted student comes up with a ridiculous argument in support of the... convicted student comes up with a ridiculous argument in support of the... uva trivia on grounds uva trivia on grounds tech falls to in-state rival uva tech falls to in-state rival uva tech falls to in-state rival uva tech falls to in-state rival uva tech falls to in-state rival uva tech falls to in-state rival uva tech falls to in-state rival uva uva professor under investigation for allegedly stealing up to $1m uva professor under investigation for allegedly stealing up to $1m senator mark warner speaks on national debt crisis at uva - nbc29 wvir c... uva computer science department to close ba cs, cs minors, cs double ma... uva computer science department to close ba cs, cs minors, cs double ma... uva computer science department to close ba cs, cs minors, cs double ma... uva computer science department to close ba cs, cs minors, cs double ma... virginia lacrosse all-time highlight video - awesome! lawn residents? mbb: uva 78  clemson 41 final - clemson basketball update mbb: uva 78  clemson 41 final - clemson basketball update mbb: uva 78  clemson 41 final - clemson basketball update charlottesville, virginia is the first city in the united states to pas... charlottesville, virginia is the first city in the united states to pas... charlottesville, virginia is the first city in the united states to pas... [x-post /r/politics] charlottesville, virginia is the first city in the... [x-post /r/politics] charlottesville, virginia is the first city in the... princeton review names uva best value public college! princeton review names uva best value public college! princeton review names uva best value public college! princeton review names uva best value public college! princeton review names uva best value public college! princeton review names uva best value public college! princeton review names uva best value public college! princeton review names uva best value public college! cav daily on honor proposal cav daily on honor proposal anyone got inside info on the 2013 football schedule? are you hungry? don't want to move from your chair! uva named #1 best value public school by the princeton review cavalier daily announces restructuring plan  barr receives aera grant for economics/education research | uva today uva is the travel channel's editors' top college town! uva is the travel channel's editors' top college town! uva is the travel channel's editors' top college town! uva is the travel channel's editors' top college town! uva is the travel channel's editors' top college town! uva's new oc - steve fairchild general assembly approves board of visitors appointments uva offensive coordinator bill lazor is leaving uva for the philadelphi... uva offensive coordinator bill lazor is leaving uva for the philadelphi... uva to play oregon ducks uva to play oregon ducks uva to play oregon ducks in case you didn't want to wait for cav computers to get their shit tog... in case you didn't want to wait for cav computers to get their shit tog... in case you didn't want to wait for cav computers to get their shit tog... in case you didn't want to wait for cav computers to get their shit tog... in case you didn't want to wait for cav computers to get their shit tog... in case you didn't want to wait for cav computers to get their shit tog... in case you didn't want to wait for cav computers to get their shit tog... in case you didn't want to wait for cav computers to get their shit tog... o'shea ziggy - beat to masterpiece strong possibility that the hoos will play the oregon ducks in football ... man walks into hydraulic road kroger with assault rifle man walks into hydraulic road kroger with assault rifle anyone know where to find a ping pong table on grounds? daily progress : uva student newspaper to cease daily publication daily progress : uva student newspaper to cease daily publication daily progress : uva student newspaper to cease daily publication most important part of the uva application? want to run a 5k in preparation to possibly eat a lot later on 4/20, uva? want to run a 5k in preparation to possibly eat a lot later on 4/20, uva? uva wise campus on lockdown - wdbj7.com uva wise campus on lockdown - wdbj7.com any fellow redditing wahoos going also? at least he's enjoying uva at least he's enjoying uva at least he's enjoying uva so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... so this is my house on wertland street. i was woken up circa 5:00 am b... honor committee proposes 2 big changes to honor system- what do you think? honor committee proposes 2 big changes to honor system- what do you think? senate votes to reappoint uva rector newcomb hall renovations nearly complete | uva today took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise took a panoramic photo on the lawn yesterday and got a cool surprise afc massages any good? never have i been so tempted. never have i been so tempted. never have i been so tempted. never have i been so tempted. never have i been so tempted. never have i been so tempted. hey uva, what are the best jobs for students around grounds ?  a soon-to-be-wahoo! any tips? meeting people as a first year...after first semester. hey guys, the whethermen are having a show february 9th! enjoy some memo... best place to sneak in a discreet nap on central grounds? best place to sneak in a discreet nap on central grounds? best place to sneak in a discreet nap on central grounds? is it me or does the soap in the afc bathrooms smell exceptionally good? is it me or does the soap in the afc bathrooms smell exceptionally good? last minute college math/science requirement courses suggestions? 3rd year looking to get more involved on grounds and to meet some new p... 3rd year looking to get more involved on grounds and to meet some new p... how to get into wait listed classes. i just received early action acceptance. congratulations to those that a... new uva special teams/rb coach, jeff banks, leaving for texas a&amp;m. ... new uva special teams/rb coach, jeff banks, leaving for texas a&amp;m. ... npr featured uva today. made our school look great.  npr featured uva today. made our school look great.  npr featured uva today. made our school look great.  npr featured uva today. made our school look great.  by request: bipolar treatment at uva today i learned that both of the creators of reddit are uva graduates  today i learned that both of the creators of reddit are uva graduates  today i learned that both of the creators of reddit are uva graduates  today i learned that both of the creators of reddit are uva graduates  tom o'brien, the old n.c. state head coach, will return to the uva coac... tom o'brien, the old n.c. state head coach, will return to the uva coac... tom o'brien, the old n.c. state head coach, will return to the uva coac... the antlers to play old cabell hall 1/26 the antlers to play old cabell hall 1/26 the antlers to play old cabell hall 1/26 good tailors around c'ville? any nursing students here? league of legends lan tournament hosted by virginia e-sports association... visiting uva from the uk for 10 weeks from february 2013... visiting uva from the uk for 10 weeks from february 2013... what's the easiest class i can take in spring or j-term? what's the easiest class i can take in spring or j-term? thanks /r/uva thanks /r/uva thanks /r/uva thanks /r/uva what are your greatest dislikes? fellow wahoo and i got an ice luge for a party. five years out of schoo... fellow wahoo and i got an ice luge for a party. five years out of schoo... fellow wahoo and i got an ice luge for a party. five years out of schoo... fellow wahoo and i got an ice luge for a party. five years out of schoo... best place to sell back textbooks on grounds? best place to sell back textbooks on grounds? can some student group supply these for next semester's finals? clemons... can some student group supply these for next semester's finals? clemons... can some student group supply these for next semester's finals? clemons... can some student group supply these for next semester's finals? clemons... can some student group supply these for next semester's finals? clemons... can some student group supply these for next semester's finals? clemons... petition to block the confirmation of helen dragas (rector of the board ... my boyfriend is hoping to transfer from william and mary - any advice or... the university placed on warning for one year by the southern associatio... 7 society public letter to uva 7 society public letter to uva 7 society public letter to uva 7 society public letter to uva 7 society public letter to uva 7 society public letter to uva 7 society public letter to uva temporary parking? a reason you should come to basketball games. a reason you should come to basketball games. a reason you should come to basketball games. did clemons have such a bad smoking problem that they needed to put up a... second floor of the afc second floor of the afc second floor of the afc second floor of the afc looking for a 3rd roommate for 2013-2014 if anyone is looking into transferring to uva, i'd be happy to answer an... watch "meet alexis ohanian, inspired by random kindness" on youtube watch "meet alexis ohanian, inspired by random kindness" on youtube question on the early action notification anyone else taking technosonics right now? uva tumblrs? mike rocco was just released from the football team mike rocco was just released from the football team mike rocco was just released from the football team is uva moving to the big ten? shho uva &amp; upc present: danny brown + special guests shho uva &amp; upc present: danny brown + special guests acc gets shaken up; maryland to exit, louisville to enter - thoughts? movie ticket price at carmike theater now $1.50!! movie ticket price at carmike theater now $1.50!! mike london, please learn how to manage the damn clock at the end of th... mike london, please learn how to manage the damn clock at the end of th... mike london, please learn how to manage the damn clock at the end of th... check apma professor abramenko "there was insufficient evidence to expel two ... apma professor abramenko "there was insufficient evidence to expel two ... apma professor abramenko "there was insufficient evidence to expel two ... uva honor expels two for cheating in rare public trial uva honor expels two for cheating in rare public trial uva honor expels two for cheating in rare public trial uva honor expels two for cheating in rare public trial a friend of mine was possibly jumped last night after the game. can anyo... has anyone taken enls 3030 history of the english language? thought on o... what the heck was that noise? what the heck was that noise? fourth-year fifth concerns i can't belive this actually had to be written. i can't belive this actually had to be written. i can't belive this actually had to be written. stephen colbert will be 2013 valediction speaker!!! stephen colbert will be 2013 valediction speaker!!! stephen colbert will be 2013 valediction speaker!!! stephen colbert will be 2013 valediction speaker!!! stephen colbert will be 2013 valediction speaker!!! stephen colbert will be 2013 valediction speaker!!! stephen colbert will be 2013 valediction speaker!!! stephen colbert will be 2013 valediction speaker!!! stephen colbert will be 2013 valediction speaker!!! stephen colbert will be 2013 valediction speaker!!! a reminder to be careful after dark a reminder to be careful after dark need one more general req. anatomy of a rape case at the university of virginia, by an anonymous w... anatomy of a rape case at the university of virginia, by an anonymous w... anatomy of a rape case at the university of virginia, by an anonymous w... an honest question about the uva honor code link to uva - gmu basketball game? any wahoos in the nova area have tickets to the basketball game at gmu t... which downtown movie theater is best? good places to photograph on grounds?  prof. bonnie gordon on the current state of affairs prof. bonnie gordon on the current state of affairs given the option to study at uva next year and i have a few questions class suggestions classes in the education school: the exceptional learner vs. multicultur... found a puppy. please up vote for visibility.  found a puppy. please up vote for visibility.  found a puppy. please up vote for visibility.  found a puppy. please up vote for visibility.  found a puppy. please up vote for visibility.  found a puppy. please up vote for visibility.  found a puppy. please up vote for visibility.  the wahoo 2012 us presidential election discussion mtg at uva? does anyone know what symbol this is? apple education discount at best buy? found them on them on the lawn!!! found them on them on the lawn!!! found them on them on the lawn!!! found them on them on the lawn!!! found them on them on the lawn!!! found them on them on the lawn!!! found them on them on the lawn!!! is cohn's pronounced like "cones" or "cons?" edited romney signs seen off grounds [xpost /pics] edited romney signs seen off grounds [xpost /pics] edited romney signs seen off grounds [xpost /pics] edited romney signs seen off grounds [xpost /pics] edited romney signs seen off grounds [xpost /pics] driving as a first-year twitter / uva: #uva cancels classes 10/30; ... twitter / uva: #uva cancels classes 10/30; ... twitter / uva: #uva cancels classes 10/30; ... streaking the lawn midnight madness - a day-long uva basketball preview no classes tomorrow. no classes tomorrow. no classes tomorrow. happy hurricane day cavalier daily reporting that monday classes are cancelled due to hurric... where do you go to get your hair cut? the creators of the new simcity know what's up. nice rotunda model! #uva the creators of the new simcity know what's up. nice rotunda model! #uva the creators of the new simcity know what's up. nice rotunda model! #uva the creators of the new simcity know what's up. nice rotunda model! #uva the creators of the new simcity know what's up. nice rotunda model! #uva the creators of the new simcity know what's up. nice rotunda model! #uva moving off-grounds for spring does anyone know how hard it is to major in media studies here? i have some questions for current ras anyone selling avett brothers tickets for this friday?
 get 3gb of space for free on dropbox by using your university e-mail get 3gb of space for free on dropbox by using your university e-mail get 3gb of space for free on dropbox by using your university e-mail get 3gb of space for free on dropbox by using your university e-mail took this pic last year in rice hall, thought it was funny, just now no... took this pic last year in rice hall, thought it was funny, just now no... need 2 macklemore tickets, i'm willing to buy them for $20 each. pm me i... al groh removed as defensive coordinator at georgiatech, due to "circum... al groh removed as defensive coordinator at georgiatech, due to "circum... indoor practice facility on fire... indoor practice facility on fire... indoor practice facility on fire... off-grounds housing question i'm going to go out on a limb here. i'm going to go out on a limb here. depth  how i feel when the buses aren't running on fall reading days... how i feel when the buses aren't running on fall reading days... how i feel when the buses aren't running on fall reading days... i'm looking for a piano on grounds to play. i'm looking for a piano on grounds to play. how i feel about these reading days.... need some co-ed soccer refs out at the park on sundays - $25 per game. send silence parking at uva today- 1,100 college students die of suicid... send silence parking at uva today- 1,100 college students die of suicid... send silence parking at uva today- 1,100 college students die of suicid... send silence parking at uva today- 1,100 college students die of suicid... who knows of some good ideas for dates? who knows of some good ideas for dates? who knows of some good ideas for dates? good spots for stargazing on/around grounds? how i feel as a fourth year, living among comm schoolers how i feel as a fourth year, living among comm schoolers how i feel as a fourth year, living among comm schoolers how i feel as a fourth year, living among comm schoolers how i feel as a fourth year, living among comm schoolers how i feel as a fourth year, living among comm schoolers how i feel as a fourth year, living among comm schoolers how i feel as a fourth year, living among comm schoolers taking the field (x-post from /r/cfb) taking the field (x-post from /r/cfb) taking the field (x-post from /r/cfb) taking the field (x-post from /r/cfb) android/iphone app for finding free food around grounds android/iphone app for finding free food around grounds phil sims gets the nod to start at qb this week phil sims gets the nod to start at qb this week the rotunda is in sim city as the university building! (sorry if repost)  this thursday this thursday any interest in urban exploration? does anyone know anything about the 9/11 truther cds that keep appearing... do ya'll not "bounce the bridge" anymore? do ya'll not "bounce the bridge" anymore? do ya'll not "bounce the bridge" anymore? virginia introduces statewide innovation partnership with u.s. departmen... who else can't stand new arch's? as an e-schooler, this is how i felt when i heard about the playboy ran... as an e-schooler, this is how i felt when i heard about the playboy ran... as an e-schooler, this is how i felt when i heard about the playboy ran... as an e-schooler, this is how i felt when i heard about the playboy ran... as an e-schooler, this is how i felt when i heard about the playboy ran... as an e-schooler, this is how i felt when i heard about the playboy ran... amy goodman of national news show democracy now speaks at 7pm at south l... this is so uva. university leaders demand a recount" on playboy rankings.  this is so uva. university leaders demand a recount" on playboy rankings.  this is so uva. university leaders demand a recount" on playboy rankings.  raven society new to the area uva ranks #1 in playboy's top 10 party schools (#3 in nightlife, #2 in ... uva ranks #1 in playboy's top 10 party schools (#3 in nightlife, #2 in ... uva ranks #1 in playboy's top 10 party schools (#3 in nightlife, #2 in ... uva ranks #1 in playboy's top 10 party schools (#3 in nightlife, #2 in ... uva ranks #1 in playboy's top 10 party schools (#3 in nightlife, #2 in ... uva ranks #1 in playboy's top 10 party schools (#3 in nightlife, #2 in ... uva ranks #1 in playboy's top 10 party schools (#3 in nightlife, #2 in ... uva ranks #1 in playboy's top 10 party schools (#3 in nightlife, #2 in ... uva ranks #1 in playboy's top 10 party schools (#3 in nightlife, #2 in ... la tech football ticket for sale ethernet, man. ethernet. [fixed] ethernet, man. ethernet. [fixed] this table wasn't getting much action at the uva career fair. this table wasn't getting much action at the uva career fair. this table wasn't getting much action at the uva career fair. this table wasn't getting much action at the uva career fair. this table wasn't getting much action at the uva career fair. this table wasn't getting much action at the uva career fair. this table wasn't getting much action at the uva career fair. /r/ uva's  dedicated day of service any young professionals in the herndon/reston/surrounding area intereste... upon hearing the backyard closed down upon hearing the backyard closed down goodbye backyard, hello crozet pizza! goodbye backyard, hello crozet pizza! uva to wear throwback uniforms in next home game (against louisiana tech) uva to wear throwback uniforms in next home game (against louisiana tech) spotted: dunglemonkey on r/funny spotted: dunglemonkey on r/funny spotted: dunglemonkey on r/funny spotted: dunglemonkey on r/funny bad news for soccer fans: ari dimas deemed ineligible for the rest of th... how was the meetup? how was the meetup? check out "the stan winston arts festival of the moving creature at uva" how i felt watching the football game today how i felt watching the football game today how i felt watching the football game today how i felt watching the football game today how i felt watching the football game today how i felt watching the football game today why not zoidberg  why not zoidberg  why not zoidberg  why not zoidberg  why not zoidberg  why not zoidberg  meeting place for the lawn picnic today has anyone here reneged on their job or internship offer? 2012 college reddit meetup day is in 2 days! are you going?! for design students out here, this is a great example of how not to lay... for design students out here, this is a great example of how not to lay... for any fellow caffeine addicts: get a free latte every day in septembe... for any fellow caffeine addicts: get a free latte every day in septembe... get ready to see the irish in charlottesville! michael rocco still fighting to keep his job? what the failed removal of uva president teresa sullivan means for high... what the failed removal of uva president teresa sullivan means for high... what the failed removal of uva president teresa sullivan means for high... what the failed removal of uva president teresa sullivan means for high... android application for navigating around grounds! vpsu 9/8/12 vpsu 9/8/12 vpsu 9/8/12 vpsu 9/8/12 vpsu 9/8/12 vpsu 9/8/12 vpsu 9/8/12 would uva be interested in a campus map app? 6,000 students love it at ... would uva be interested in a campus map app? 6,000 students love it at ... would uva be interested in a campus map app? 6,000 students love it at ... r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love r pics gave this no love is there anyone in mcintire/frank batten who would like to share their e... sept. 15th lawn picnic updates and complications - thoughts? social sciences requirement. suggestions? seen these cats? (xpost from r/cville) anyone want to meet up to watch the nfl opener tom... hoo made this happen? hoo made this happen? i created a website that spotlights local musicians and venues! what doe... gq posts an open letter to george huguely gq posts an open letter to george huguely is there any interest for pick-up soccer on fridays? cs 1110 vs cs 1112? newcomb hall renovations | uva student council happy first day of class! (especially to you new first years) happy first day of class! (especially to you new first years) happy first day of class! (especially to you new first years) happy first day of class! (especially to you new first years) how i feel as a first-year how i feel as a first-year how i feel as a first-year how i feel as a first-year uva declines visit from president obama uva declines visit from president obama uva declines visit from president obama uva declines visit from president obama heya wahoos! i'm a first-year and i really want to experience the live m... students, faculty return to slightly different grounds students, faculty return to slightly different grounds will i see any fellow cavs? comedy news group the onion to perform on campus 8/30 comedy news group the onion to perform on campus 8/30 hoo wants free food?: and so another year begins. hoo wants free food?: and so another year begins. hoo wants free food?: and so another year begins. will not have been in charlottesville for a week yet. anybody going to t... "just in: president obama will be in charlottesville next wednesday, au... "just in: president obama will be in charlottesville next wednesday, au... "just in: president obama will be in charlottesville next wednesday, au... "just in: president obama will be in charlottesville next wednesday, au... sept. 15th uva college meetup day - items to bring details page sept. 15th uva college meetup day - items to bring details page anyone know uva's bandwidth limit?  uva lands 4 star running back taquan "smoke" mizzell! uva lands 4 star running back taquan "smoke" mizzell! join us on irc? #universityofvirginia on freenode uts bus detours - mccormick road bridge over emmet street advice for first years? advice for first years? what are some of the coolest, most fun, but relatively unknown things to... leftover financial aid money? looking for last minute housing? question about class overrides what's a good humanities elective for e-school students? question (about financial aid): pending aid inquiry access denied an incoming first year has two campus life questions. an incoming first year has two campus life questions. sept. 15th uva college meetup day - voting page should i bring my bike? should i bring my bike? so... who plays league of legends? off-campus housing - internet options uva alums in nova/dc - lunch at one of four cosi restaurants on wednesda... some progress on the indoor practice facility. food on grounds has anyone actually had a bad townie experience? has anyone actually had a bad townie experience? what's the best social science course you've taken? just so you know, we do things like this. just so you know, we do things like this. as a second year, when should i move back on grounds? 2012 virginia football preview michael strine resigned as uva executive vp and coo michael strine resigned as uva executive vp and coo best places to poop on-grounds? best places to poop on-grounds? best places to poop on-grounds? best places to poop on-grounds? best places to poop on-grounds? textbooks questions (incoming first year) looking for housing for the next semester/year? looking for housing for the next semester/year? iama from a uva grad who has lived a pretty interesting life. support a fellow wahoo, &amp; a talented saxaphonist - vote for them to ... just in case you missed it or haven't been on grounds this summer, the ... just in case you missed it or haven't been on grounds this summer, the ... received an invitation to phi eta sigma - first year national honor soci... uva is the #1 public school in the nation according to forbes.  uva is the #1 public school in the nation according to forbes.  uva is the #1 public school in the nation according to forbes.  uva is the #1 public school in the nation according to forbes.  uva is the #1 public school in the nation according to forbes.  uva is the #1 public school in the nation according to forbes.  uva is the #1 public school in the nation according to forbes.  uva is the #1 public school in the nation according to forbes.  uva is the #1 public school in the nation according to forbes.  uva is the #1 public school in the nation according to forbes.  uva reddit college meetup sept 15th - official ideas thread uva reddit college meetup sept 15th - official ideas thread uva reddit college meetup sept 15th - official ideas thread is taking o-chem lecture and lab in the same semester doable? support lou's list! support lou's list! support lou's list! support lou's list! university singers audition how i imagine first years tomorrow when they can access sis. [ama request] a current/former wahoo raised in an all-hokie family as a incoming first year, would you suggest i get a job first semester,... as a incoming first year, would you suggest i get a job first semester,... question about the batten school currently getting verizon 4g at the hospital, wooo. this kills the class... class registration and seas problems decent part-time job around uva / cville? incoming freshman, wondering what the best computer choice is uva football- quarterback contention looks like cville is putting fences on the train tracks looks like cville is putting fences on the train tracks so i got bored at my internship.. [cs people] so i got bored at my internship.. [cs people] rising first year going to be living in the courtenay house, any advice? hey r/uva, i'm an incoming freshman and i need some feedback on my (poss... are there personal rooms with a tv i can rent on grounds in the gyms? u.va. enters the fray uva to offer online courses uva to offer online courses advice/tips for incoming grad students advice/tips for incoming grad students concerning letter from admissions concerning letter from admissions the responsible way to relieve c'ville traffic the responsible way to relieve c'ville traffic anyone else getting odd emails from listserv [g_univ_students], specific... what terry sullivan's reinstatement at u. va really tells us about the f... where to apply to be a volunteer to help students move stuff on move-in ... phillip sims eligible this season! phillip sims eligible this season! phillip sims eligible this season! the uva alumni association is planning the "young alumni reunions 2012" ... 2012 grads sound off! where are you headed now? a place to live my account of the june 18-19 bov meeting and protest does anyone know anything about that body found on o-hill awhile back? does anyone know anything about that body found on o-hill awhile back? considering studying in uva for a year on an exchange from england. wha... considering studying in uva for a year on an exchange from england. wha... uva contributes to the cern/large hadron collider discovery of a partic... uva contributes to the cern/large hadron collider discovery of a partic... *headdesk* [1:14] tfm column | fratting fathers: thomas jefferson tj's cell phone mike scott is selected as the 43rd pick in the 2012 nba draft to the at... mike scott is selected as the 43rd pick in the 2012 nba draft to the at... mike scott is selected as the 43rd pick in the 2012 nba draft to the at... mike scott is selected as the 43rd pick in the 2012 nba draft to the at... huge donations coming in recently b/c of reinstatement of president sull... contribute to the subreddit with featured images! sullivan reinstated with a 15-0 vote.  sullivan reinstated with a 15-0 vote.  sullivan reinstated with a 15-0 vote.  sullivan reinstated with a 15-0 vote.  sullivan reinstated with a 15-0 vote.  sullivan reinstated with a 15-0 vote.  sullivan reinstated with a 15-0 vote.  congrats jon shoup!  jeopardy champion!  congrats jon shoup!  jeopardy champion!  hope things settle down for the best- a hokie hope things settle down for the best- a hokie hope things settle down for the best- a hokie a mistake has been corrected, but the problem is still unsolved. a mistake has been corrected, but the problem is still unsolved. jinkies! jeepers! zoinks! ruh-roh! jinkies! jeepers! zoinks! ruh-roh! "hey i just fired you and shit got crazy, so here's your job back. don't... board of visitor's "sullivan" meeting live stream here (also on faceboo... board of visitor's "sullivan" meeting live stream here (also on faceboo... sullivan and dragas enter rotunda side by side. teresa sullivan's remarks upon being reinstated live stream here rector dragas now expressing support for reinstatement of president sull... does anyone know of any good hills for laying out on stargazing? does anyone know of any good hills for laying out on stargazing? watch the rally for honor live petition to reinstate sullivan needs about 700 signatures to reach its g... prof vaidhyanathan in an excellent interview on chris hayes' show yesterday dear thomas jefferson is a cs, ee, cpe triple major possible/advice?  as a slight distraction from the president debacle, does anyone know ja... as a slight distraction from the president debacle, does anyone know ja... mcdonnell to uva board: decide by tuesday or else mcdonnell to uva board: decide by tuesday or else i guess it's time to find a new one! i guess it's time to find a new one! dragas' email response was not written by dragas, it was written by joh... dragas' email response was not written by dragas, it was written by joh... zeithaml will suspend negotiations with bov with regards to his status ... zeithaml will suspend negotiations with bov with regards to his status ... zeithaml will suspend negotiations with bov with regards to his status ... uva rector issues response to situation on grounds uva rector issues response to situation on grounds teresa sullivan: supporters seek reinstatement of uva. president - "sul... teresa sullivan: supporters seek reinstatement of uva. president - "sul... teresa sullivan: supporters seek reinstatement of uva. president - "sul... teresa sullivan: supporters seek reinstatement of uva. president - "sul... bov to meet tuesday to reconsider sullivan dismissal bov to meet tuesday to reconsider sullivan dismissal statement from 10 of uva's 11 school deans | the hook - charlottesville'... strategic dynamism, according to peter kiernan what should we take from all this? sold sold "we're talking about... a mindset of someone who's never been told he's... "we're talking about... a mindset of someone who's never been told he's... the declaration of independence - board v. president sullivan the declaration of independence - board v. president sullivan helen dragas' term ends july 1 housing question (need help!!!) online uva...? online uva...? brag book suggestions dean zeithaml's press conference cavdaily foia request on dragas' and kington's email cavdaily foia request on dragas' and kington's email anyone going to the vigil? support the ligon plan! spray painting a unesco heritage site? priceless some comments from an alum some comments from an alum bill wulf, former president of the national academy of engineering, has... bill wulf, former president of the national academy of engineering, has... bill wulf, former president of the national academy of engineering, has... on the importance of german on the importance of german on the importance of german on the importance of german on the importance of german on the importance of german kington out per daily progress kington out per daily progress university archives wants your signs from yesterday's rally scumbag board of visitors scumbag board of visitors vice rector resigns if you're not yet, you might want to think about following the cav daily... dragas's sister defends her bov names comm school dean carl zeithaml interim president bov names comm school dean carl zeithaml interim president corporate takeover of uva a sign of the times. statement of heywood fralin, member of bov so what do we do now? can someone please explain to an alum what's going on. "perhaps there should have been a 10 hour meeting on the issue before ou... "for here we are not afraid to follow truth": view from the rotunda steps "for here we are not afraid to follow truth": view from the rotunda steps "for here we are not afraid to follow truth": view from the rotunda steps "for here we are not afraid to follow truth": view from the rotunda steps only at uva.. only at uva.. only at uva.. sullivan's bov speech sullivan's bov speech sullivan's bov speech anyone still up waiting for the board of visitors to return? "greed" written on u.va. rotunda  "greed" written on u.va. rotunda  "greed" written on u.va. rotunda  some more pictures from today's rally. faculty senate demands that (1) the bov delay naming an interim preside... faculty senate demands that (1) the bov delay naming an interim preside... red coat at the rotunda for the bov u-va. donors threaten to withhold funds over ouster of president - the ... u-va. donors threaten to withhold funds over ouster of president - the ... u-va. donors threaten to withhold funds over ouster of president - the ... petition to reinstate sullivan uva. board members ask president sullivan to reconsider resignation dean z's explanation of sullivan's departure protest over sullivan's ouster is being organized by former president c... protest over sullivan's ouster is being organized by former president c... protest over sullivan's ouster is being organized by former president c... support karlik for new president! honor committee statement: a challenge to our community of trust honor committee statement: a challenge to our community of trust complete time-line of sullivan related emails all smashed into one webp... complete time-line of sullivan related emails all smashed into one webp... when is mid-summers 2012? theory on two donor alums kiernan referenced in email to darden - one is... siva: what happens when public universities are run 
by robber barons siva: what happens when public universities are run 
by robber barons siva: what happens when public universities are run 
by robber barons uva irc? helen dragas press conference, in summary helen dragas press conference, in summary helen dragas press conference, in summary helen dragas press conference, in summary the first battle of rotundasberg the first battle of rotundasberg peter kiernan stepping down as chairman of darden board of trustees peter kiernan stepping down as chairman of darden board of trustees faculty pass resolution of no confidence in rector, vice rector, board faculty pass resolution of no confidence in rector, vice rector, board editorial: bov violated public notice law to hold emergency meeting acc... editorial: bov violated public notice law to hold emergency meeting acc... newest official email re sullivan.  these guys are excellent at saying ... newest official email re sullivan.  these guys are excellent at saying ... the hook: "kiernan out as uva faculty condemn sullivan ouster" interesting theory on sullivan's resignation interesting theory on sullivan's resignation some details from the hook on the resignation of teresa sullivan some details from the hook on the resignation of teresa sullivan rector dragas responds to faculty some questions for sarc graduates about post-undergrad jobs/opportunities. rip rip rip political  donations by uva board executive committee political  donations by uva board executive committee theresa sullivan to step down as university president. theresa sullivan to step down as university president. theresa sullivan to step down as university president. theresa sullivan to step down as university president. theresa sullivan to step down as university president. can i get some meal plan advice? more remarks and clarification on the reason for president sullivan's re... body found on o-hill? body found on o-hill? "u.va. to launch contemplative sciences center." thoughts? "u.va. to launch contemplative sciences center." thoughts? someone at uva fucked up. big time. (transcipts released online) someone at uva fucked up. big time. (transcipts released online) someone at uva fucked up. big time. (transcipts released online) lumos lab's trend software luminosity names charlottesville as the nati... lumos lab's trend software luminosity names charlottesville as the nati... lumos lab's trend software luminosity names charlottesville as the nati... two uva graduates denied entrance into israel in a harrowing detention ... two uva graduates denied entrance into israel in a harrowing detention ... two uva graduates denied entrance into israel in a harrowing detention ... two uva graduates denied entrance into israel in a harrowing detention ... simcity 5 university building looks familiar... simcity 5 university building looks familiar... simcity 5 university building looks familiar... simcity 5 university building looks familiar... simcity 5 university building looks familiar... simcity 5 university building looks familiar... simcity 5 university building looks familiar... simcity 5 university building looks familiar... is a cav computer really as essential as they make it sound? what is the opposite of loneliness? what is the opposite of loneliness? what is the opposite of loneliness? friend needs a roommate fast! incoming seas first year, question about cs@uva. i'm an incoming first year with a question about classes.  any help woul... bluehole rope swing tree is cut down! bluehole rope swing tree is cut down! bluehole rope swing tree is cut down! katie couric on the lawn with a kitten before graduation katie couric on the lawn with a kitten before graduation katie couric on the lawn with a kitten before graduation katie couric on the lawn with a kitten before graduation katie couric on the lawn with a kitten before graduation katie couric on the lawn with a kitten before graduation katie couric on the lawn with a kitten before graduation katie couric on the lawn with a kitten before graduation we have to stop them! we have to stop them! tina fey + the rotunda/uva on the 30 rock finale! tina fey + the rotunda/uva on the 30 rock finale! tina fey + the rotunda/uva on the 30 rock finale! tina fey + the rotunda/uva on the 30 rock finale! tina fey + the rotunda/uva on the 30 rock finale! tina fey + the rotunda/uva on the 30 rock finale! tina fey + the rotunda/uva on the 30 rock finale! anybody have a spare graduation ticket? frats at uva around this summer? check out the charlottesville festival of the photog... any other seas folk excited for the new shop/student projects building? uva waiting to hear on sims case (xpost from r/cfb) band i saw in this subreddit a number of months ago. minnifield seems upset minnifield seems upset **meetup friday!** 5:00 pm mellow mushroom. come celebrate finishing up... **meetup friday!** 5:00 pm mellow mushroom. come celebrate finishing up... **meetup friday!** 5:00 pm mellow mushroom. come celebrate finishing up... best places to park at the corner? accepted to the leadership on the lawn program, skeptical if the price i... uh, so i drew a cav daily comic that nobody read for four years, and i'... uh, so i drew a cav daily comic that nobody read for four years, and i'... meetup before beach week, anyone? it's my 4th year (gross) meetup before beach week, anyone? it's my 4th year (gross) uva huge idea website gets most votes and becomes top idea on uva big idea uva huge idea website gets most votes and becomes top idea on uva big idea transfer housing options? is selling your textbooks back to the bookstore worth it?  is selling your textbooks back to the bookstore worth it?  "leviathan" - bo bartlett "leviathan" - bo bartlett "leviathan" - bo bartlett the poster child of u.s. education  the poster child of u.s. education  the poster child of u.s. education  the poster child of u.s. education  the poster child of u.s. education  the poster child of u.s. education  annual dean of students ice cream social - may 1st, 2:30p @ peabody (rai... it's finals week it's finals week st. louis rams do foxfield st. louis rams do foxfield st. louis rams do foxfield st. louis rams do foxfield st. louis rams do foxfield st. louis rams do foxfield student legal services redskins pick up uva cornerback chase minnifield.  go hoos and httr! redskins pick up uva cornerback chase minnifield.  go hoos and httr! redskins pick up uva cornerback chase minnifield.  go hoos and httr! redskins pick up uva cornerback chase minnifield.  go hoos and httr! yeardley love's mother files $30m wrongful death suit
 found this lovely gem in the comments in r/funny death cab for cutie comes to charlottesville uva's rotunda tops the list of the 50 most amazing examples of college ... uva's rotunda tops the list of the 50 most amazing examples of college ... uva's rotunda tops the list of the 50 most amazing examples of college ... uva's rotunda tops the list of the 50 most amazing examples of college ... uva's rotunda tops the list of the 50 most amazing examples of college ... uva's rotunda tops the list of the 50 most amazing examples of college ... uva's rotunda tops the list of the 50 most amazing examples of college ... uva's rotunda tops the list of the 50 most amazing examples of college ... uva vs vt league of legend showmatch! vote for uva! lambeth field is now a planet ! lambeth field is now a planet ! lambeth field is now a planet ! lambeth field is now a planet ! lambeth field is now a planet ! lambeth field is now a planet ! lambeth field is now a planet ! i'm not trying to steal karma, but i thought r/uva 
should see this whic... torn between uva and william &amp; mary.  thoughts? does anyone have success finding renters on facebook groups, etc? cs/stat double major? neat article on secret societies neat article on secret societies cios -- which ones offer a strong social environment? jobs @ uvimco which one of you did this?  which one of you did this?  which one of you did this?  holi at uva! basshunter to play springfest? spelar lite dota? got this e-mail a few days ago. i didn't think it was serious at first. got this e-mail a few days ago. i didn't think it was serious at first. got this e-mail a few days ago. i didn't think it was serious at first. got this e-mail a few days ago. i didn't think it was serious at first. to anyone on verizon's 3g network, do you have 3g data connectivity? we remember - 4/16/2007 | virginia tech we've got 1,000 people on this subreddit! we've got 1,000 people on this subreddit! we've got 1,000 people on this subreddit! we've got 1,000 people on this subreddit! how i feel in alderman on the weekend... how i feel in alderman on the weekend... how i feel in alderman on the weekend... how i feel in alderman on the weekend... how i feel in alderman on the weekend... how i feel in alderman on the weekend... u.va. tuition increase of 3.7 percent for in-state students is smallest ... steve aoki ticket for sale, $25, ga floor what is going on near the chapel right now? and here it is:  hersh cited the university of virginia as an example o... and here it is:  hersh cited the university of virginia as an example o... and here it is:  hersh cited the university of virginia as an example o... and here it is:  hersh cited the university of virginia as an example o... and here it is:  hersh cited the university of virginia as an example o... and here it is:  hersh cited the university of virginia as an example o... vote for your favorites! c'ville bar madness elite eight: the field narr... does anyone know anything about pavilion seminars? uva said by education expert richard hersh on the colbert report to be ... uva said by education expert richard hersh on the colbert report to be ... uva said by education expert richard hersh on the colbert report to be ... uva said by education expert richard hersh on the colbert report to be ... uva said by education expert richard hersh on the colbert report to be ... regarding all this virginia tech/victoria's secret junk on facebook... regarding all this virginia tech/victoria's secret junk on facebook... regarding all this virginia tech/victoria's secret junk on facebook... what's a good music class to take to fill a seas humanities requirement?  historical studies requirement cs 2102/reynolds cs 2102/reynolds messing with tour groups messing with tour groups saturday 4/7 baseball game, sec. 109 fun/easy classes for a rising fourth year? life at grandmarc where on grounds can i fax a document for free? where on grounds can i fax a document for free? tips, fun facts, etc. for incoming first years tips, fun facts, etc. for incoming first years tips, fun facts, etc. for incoming first years surf and turf on 4/20! me when i got accepted me when i got accepted third year council announced a contest this morning with the subject li... third year council announced a contest this morning with the subject li... put all of the people in cookout! put all of the people in cookout! put all of the people in cookout! put all of the people in cookout! uva students win startup competition for walkback app - nbc29 wvir charl... looking for floor tickets to steve aoki concert saying something sexist in a swag class saying something sexist in a swag class saying something sexist in a swag class venus-jupiter conjunction @ uva  venus-jupiter conjunction @ uva  venus-jupiter conjunction @ uva  venus-jupiter conjunction @ uva  venus-jupiter conjunction @ uva  venus-jupiter conjunction @ uva  venus-jupiter conjunction @ uva  venus-jupiter conjunction @ uva  avoid woodard properties! (reminder)[transfers please read!] avoid woodard properties! (reminder)[transfers please read!] so look what i found in the balz-dobie elevator (x-post wtf) so look what i found in the balz-dobie elevator (x-post wtf) so look what i found in the balz-dobie elevator (x-post wtf) so look what i found in the balz-dobie elevator (x-post wtf) so look what i found in the balz-dobie elevator (x-post wtf) so look what i found in the balz-dobie elevator (x-post wtf) so look what i found in the balz-dobie elevator (x-post wtf) i just got accepted! any tips/suggestions? i just got accepted! any tips/suggestions? hey /r/uva! heading to charlottesville on saturday... would love a heads... the "first-year-fifteen" is now the "every-year-fifteen". the "first-year-fifteen" is now the "every-year-fifteen". the "first-year-fifteen" is now the "every-year-fifteen". the "first-year-fifteen" is now the "every-year-fifteen". the "first-year-fifteen" is now the "every-year-fifteen". the "first-year-fifteen" is now the "every-year-fifteen". terrible quality photos of a uva squirrel eating pizza. terrible quality photos of a uva squirrel eating pizza. i've been accepted and would love some pics of the campus  fall classes are out! suggestions? did anyone else notice this! til that the real life dr. pepper went to uva and was a confederate sur... til that the real life dr. pepper went to uva and was a confederate sur... til that the real life dr. pepper went to uva and was a confederate sur... til that the real life dr. pepper went to uva and was a confederate sur... til that the real life dr. pepper went to uva and was a confederate sur... police investigate bomb threat at uva's fontaine research park - nbc29 w... ambassadors program | video game voters network  |  vgvn power up tourna...