 i just found out...i'm coming to uw for grad school! how come there are no hookah bars here in laramie? dia help climbing gyms in town? larapalooza tonight!!!!!!!!!! get your taxes prepared for free by the united way. larry nance jr. hurts right knee versus fresno state former cowboys robert herron and marqueston huff invited to participate ... bootleggers ball this saturday derek cooke, jr. is #1 on sportscenter top plays! derek cooke, jr. is #1 on sportscenter top plays! wyoming cowboys upset #5 san diego state wyoming cowboys upset #5 san diego state i will be attending university of wyoming in the fall. i have a few ques... the wiki had to repost this. i've had so much fun here but seriously i hate you plus i kinda wanna see that wreck plus i kinda wanna see that wreck the dream forward video from mlk: days of dialog is incredible. for stud... be the change: how yoga helps pave the path of social justice advocacy a... it's easier to get accepted to cornell university than it is the univers... any broncos fans watching the game tomorrow? guys. just in case you forgot, marijuana is still illegal here. official wyoming decals shot in the dark- any info for a prospective grad student brett smith leaving wyoming early for the nfl considering transferring but not sure if it's right for me. moving to lamarmie...from florida former ndsu coach craig bohl hired as new uw football coach. former ndsu coach craig bohl hired as new uw football coach. if you can't get to campus thursday or friday, you can call uw and they... if you can't get to campus thursday or friday, you can call uw and they... christensen fired as wyoming head coach christensen fired as wyoming head coach president sternberg has "resigned". president sternberg has "resigned". what's the rundown on this whole stenrberg ordeal? walmart bomb threat - laramie walmart closed until further notice game night 2: november 15th how long does uw take to process transcript requests? game night november 1st protect the borders! colorado state and wyoming still playing on any "all gold everything" apparel? a buddy and i are heading out to laramie for the football game next week... looking to expand my social circle. uw crushes trial will not go forward uw crushes trial will not go forward game night anyone aware of a good stream of the pokes game tonight? board gamers lost nokia windows phone introducing r/cheyenne! computer engineering and finance. our wiki is now active. please fill it with your insider secret knowledg... any studio apartments new uw? transfer questions any league of legends players here? wyo vs neb, aug 31 hey, who's going to be in town this friday night? rso's good luck with the upcoming semester! anybody up for some billiards/pool or table tennis? lets meet monday nig... best place for men's haircuts in laramie? wyoming's luke martinez pleads guilty in bar fight (si) please upvote and share. my friend was abducted by three males in wyomi... please upvote and share. my friend was abducted by three males in wyomi... any incoming students? lanker-simons files motion to suppress evidence in uw crushes case new developments in lanker-simons case... (try to avoid the boomerang's ... football corruption she wrote! uw volleyball to vacate three seasons' worth of vi... city/campus bus route, who can help? calling all gamers - players needed! ingress! in laramie for orientation housing so, a naked girl just walked into my econ class in the college of business so, a naked girl just walked into my econ class in the college of business anyone know of any good diversity classes? global reddit meetup day is june 15th. anyone want to do sweet melissa's? the meg lanker-simons controversy has been covered in the video/article... the meg lanker-simons controversy has been covered in the video/article... from the uwpd activity report . . . people are having more fun than me.... from the uwpd activity report . . . people are having more fun than me.... the uw club baseball team has made it to the ncba world series again. the uw club baseball team has made it to the ncba world series again. anyone else going to the june 26th transfer orientation or going to be i... uw crushes admin speaks out summer farewell meetup; uw gardens -- may ?, 2013 ?:00 pm 200 subscribers! female art major looking for apartment/roommates starting in august meg lanker-simons cited for making uw crushes post meg lanker-simons cited for making uw crushes post meg lanker-simons cited for making uw crushes post meg lanker-simons cited for making uw crushes post meg lanker-simons cited for making uw crushes post meg lanker-simons cited for making uw crushes post meg lanker-simons cited for making uw crushes post meg lanker-simons cited for making uw crushes post meg lanker-simons cited for making uw crushes post meg lanker-simons cited for making uw crushes post meg lanker-simons cited for making uw crushes post today's spike in traffic today's spike in traffic i gotta admit i gotta admit i gotta admit please take a moment to review our easy set of rules and appreciate our... please take a moment to review our easy set of rules and appreciate our... letter from the dean of students condemning a threatening post to the"u... letter from the dean of students condemning a threatening post to the"u... our congresspeople will support cispa unless we do something about it. our congresspeople will support cispa unless we do something about it. moving to laramie for school, help with apartments! lan party at uwyo itc this week! transferring in august to wyo, what transfer student housing would you r... zach wahls' sobering address at last night's shepard symposium keynote summer semester at uwyo is anyone here living on a 9 meal plan/week? i mean how does it work. 12... who would have thought that this would be me telling you that i got roof... uw names 24th president. thoughts? goddamn wyoming [x-post from r/funny] goddamn wyoming [x-post from r/funny] looking for members for cyber defense! harlem shake: university of wyoming library to reopen at downtown location. anyone know if the university gives out codes for microsoft word?  x-post from r/laramie: to everyone who participated in this poll: nice ... x-post from r/laramie: to everyone who participated in this poll: nice ... apartments around town that allow cats? there was a huge rally in the bangladesh capital dhaka today seeking pun... this should be a thang...:)  i am so excited to be coming here on this scholarship!  i am so excited to be coming here on this scholarship!  university bookstore is now university store everyone welcome new moderator, /r/sereko/! anyone have any trouble with higher one? police report: wyoming basketball player admits kicking man in head  police report: wyoming basketball player admits kicking man in head  what are your majors? and we're back! what are you taking this semester? uwyo advice: engineering majors, i could use some advice! "are you gonna be here for the wind festival?  it starts jan 1st, and ru... did they need to cut down the three huge trees :( pretty cool event at the gryphon tomorrow men's basketball ranks on ncaa coaches poll fyi... there are 4 geocaches on the main campus alone.   free tax preparation available starting at the end of the month thru apr... think i'll check my email...   think i'll check my email...   basketball team 12-0 for first time since the 50's. on the brink of bei... basketball team 12-0 for first time since the 50's. on the brink of bei... got my first christmas tree permit, anybody else? missing cat in laramie: floyd, aka monster western thunder marching band performs gangnam style  house of joy bbq today 3-7pm at the alice hardie stevens center! $10 don... verizon to light up more 4g lte markets this thursday, november 15 (incl... since i heard the library was closing since i heard the library was closing the library bar and grill leaving grand ave. possibility of closing. the library bar and grill leaving grand ave. possibility of closing. meanwhile, amendment 64 passes just south of the border future meetups poll meetup: friday, november 2nd meetup: friday, november 2nd new york times covers the carbon sink art removal at uw casper girl missing casper girl missing coach christensen's fine of $50k is only 1 week's pay. dave christensen fined $50k and suspended after tirade at air force coa... dave christensen fined $50k and suspended after tirade at air force coa... guys of r/uwyo, where does a freshman girl need to go to meet new guys o... western thunder western thunder western thunder classy uwyo as ever... classy uwyo as ever... classy uwyo as ever... thinking about transferring winter is coming need to fish. request:  uw libraries proxy service sportscenter college football top plays - espn
two plays from the wyo-id... check out the bi's article on the water polo club! meetup at laramie lane - 7:30 go pokes! best bike repair in laramie? saturday sept 15 meetup - ~7:00 pm at laramie lanes - rsvp in comments psa: sexual assault is not something we laugh at. let's talk about meetups. anyone interested in some urban exploring? okay guys so saturday laramie from north 9th street laramie from north 9th street $6 gameday t-shirts on sale at uw bookstore today from 4-6 pm. home opener vs toledo your input please: college reddit meetup day? buchanan is out summer 2013 everyone,please welcome your new mod, zombarista! asuw to vote again on plus/minus grading meet up in cheyenne in the works! looks like the game is being streamed on vipbox.tv congrats to tashaun gipson. he made the cleveland browns roster! what are your thoughts on university sponsored entertainment?  what woul... meet-up? is anyone interested in watching a live stream of the pokes@texas game? let's get this community some growth! greetings new students! mark your calendars. beginning of school meetup: september 1st, 2012 at ... fyi, your financial aid refunds should be headed toward your cowboy cards. poll: september 1st meetup as promised...here are some of the images from my national park wyoming/... it was really nice to meet you guys!  long shot but does anyone know a decent farrier (horse shoer) round lara... freshmen (and others): free dorm-appropriate microwave where should our next meetup be? this is a long shot but is there anyone in laramie who wants to play som... cowboy baseball facebook page, check it out! coming to visit aug 15. who wants to get coffee?  book list rookie question: guys!  i got interviewed by the associated press.  representing uwyo. i've completed the planning for my national park road trip to laramie!!!... reddit meetup at the what fest in riverside, wy (1h 20m from laramie) on... iama organizer of the what fest, a free 2-day music festival in riversi... iama organizer of the what fest, a free 2-day music festival in riversi... no longer double digits! let's do this. brewfest this weekend! don't miss out! would anyone be interested in doing a monthly meetup? it smells like somebody's barbecuing outside. ok wyoming. you've got my curiosity. excellent meetup, everyone. moving to laramie in august...don't know one damn soul. reminder: uw meetup on saturday [still at coal creek in downtown laramie] any r/uwyo redditors need a cheap room for the upcoming semester? fraternities   why don't we have our meetup at the new crowbar bar and grill? for those of you wondering: here are the budget reduction plans suggeste... do any of you have a backyard i can camp in for two weeks while i look f... 84 readers... and flair! june 23rd meetup officially organized i guess there's some reddit global meetup day on june 23rd. do we care? so, who's in laramie over summer?  what are you doing? hey cowboys/girls! orientation june 14-15th.  uw club baseball is going to the national tourney in georgia, need help ... computer science department finals meetup? summer plans? this is how i usually spent my finals week... any kind of magic: the gathering community?  come support the club baseball team this weekend incoming grad students how do the fellow uwyo redditors feel about our schools meme page? so this is what my dorm door looked like this morning go ahead, pull the trigger car accident by white hall wyoming cowboys sports channel i know it's cold, google, but... i know it's cold, google, but... uw student-friendly business list lack of activity makes me feel silly for posting here, but what are you ... just helped my sister move to laramie, shes going to taing what do you do in the winter . . . ? wyo qb smith makes national top ten freshman list! wyo qb smith makes national top ten freshman list! 36 subscribers! football7 lets get some conversation going... shall we? first of four fall scrimmages starts today at war memorial. 2011-2012 school year predictions a little sad, but probably accurate.  uw picked to take 6th in mwc footb... university of wyoming - website yard sale 1040 palmer is campus habitat really as bad as people make it seem. i am running out... he's got my vote for asuw why hello there ent.. harlem shake (uwyo) tomorrow at 3:30 pm some guy was handing out fliers on campus today. regardless of your opin... anyone still in town? anyone want to live with us? laramie vs fort collins