 wvu rifle team has monday date at the white house made this for my co-worker made this for my co-worker visiting wvu on the 21st, what should i do or go see in morgantown if i ... did you get your ashes yesterday wvu fans? magic the gathering payed my housing deposit last night, now what? gordon gee is staying to become the 24th permanent university president! gordon gee is staying to become the 24th permanent university president! gordon gee is staying to become the 24th permanent university president! gordon gee is staying to become the 24th permanent university president! may/june - december leases? wvu presidential search committee endorses gee for permanent post wvu presidential search committee endorses gee for permanent post wvu presidential search committee endorses gee for permanent post churches in morgantown triple dorm at boreman? questions from an outsider any info on the integrated marketing communications grad program? wvu a&amp;e anyone live in campus evolution? has anyone heard about the mountain society at wvu? should i go to wvu? best dorms? best place for stargazing? green st. patrick's day wvu shirt with flying wv on it? spring break hearthstone soj enews: wvu journalism school to change name to reed college of media driving in morgantown. driving in morgantown. driving in morgantown. driving in morgantown. my ggg roomate in college differences in dorm floors fall fest 2014? any news? can anyone recommend a body shop? dorm/apartment for freshman? anyone other redditors going to see off with their heads and i am heresy... definitely going to miss this place come may. definitely going to miss this place come may. definitely going to miss this place come may. definitely going to miss this place come may. definitely going to miss this place come may. use steam? join the /r/wvu group use steam? join the /r/wvu group just got accepted to the aerospace engineering undergrad program, wooo! ... internet options in the area? incoming student looking for opinions on majors. gordon gee shows us how to tie a bow tie! now that the taco truck is not allowed on high street anymore, i have be... found cat [sabraton/greenmont] how serious is wvu about it's tobacco policy? please help me get away from my ex-girlfriend! please help me get away from my ex-girlfriend! please help me get away from my ex-girlfriend! transfer student education program?? football commitment list 2014 football commitment list 2014 what is the honors program like? how is the sports management program? dorm choice smoking musket story stream for national signing day 2014 classes cancelled for today! (monday, 2/3/14) classes cancelled for today! (monday, 2/3/14) classes cancelled for today! (monday, 2/3/14) classes cancelled for today! (monday, 2/3/14) mtg pick up lacrosse in the spring. i'm touring wvu in a few weeks, anything in particular i should check out? i'm touring wvu in a few weeks, anything in particular i should check out? looking for a ride to ny any weekend in feb. engineering opinions budget housing around morgantown looking for help with needed clinical hours in morgantown pickup basketball in morgantown? should i come to wvu? allergy shots in morgantown? downloading in dorms downloading in dorms my hike on the rail trail earlier today. some mildly interesting pics. my hike on the rail trail earlier today. some mildly interesting pics. my hike on the rail trail earlier today. some mildly interesting pics. my hike on the rail trail earlier today. some mildly interesting pics. biometric systems looking for room mate in honors dorm wvu early adopter of cool "white spaces" wireless tech that uses vacant... wvu early adopter of cool "white spaces" wireless tech that uses vacant... ama request: kid skiing to class on tuesday ama request: kid skiing to class on tuesday ama request: kid skiing to class on tuesday sledding outside of woodburn stolen car watch: silver 1997 honda crv just paid housing deposit, will i get in to summit? we're #1! we're #1! wvu in cracked article about out-of-hand sports traditions. wvu in cracked article about out-of-hand sports traditions. wvu in cracked article about out-of-hand sports traditions. the weapon - charles sims highlight reel by dougitydog wvu ama wvu ama wvu ama comcast issues? ford childress not enrolling this spring, likely to transfer/go juco wwvu-fm is hiring! need help convincing my parents to let me come to wvu make sure you tell your families if they are affected by this. contamin... make sure you tell your families if they are affected by this. contamin... make sure you tell your families if they are affected by this. contamin... first day of classes! how was it for you? does this make aaron paul an unofficial mountaineer? does this make aaron paul an unofficial mountaineer? does this make aaron paul an unofficial mountaineer? does this make aaron paul an unofficial mountaineer? does this make aaron paul an unofficial mountaineer? does this make aaron paul an unofficial mountaineer? backstory on the birdman (aka the hot dog vendor on high street) backstory on the birdman (aka the hot dog vendor on high street) backstory on the birdman (aka the hot dog vendor on high street) wvu's holiday video "the place just right" wvu's holiday video "the place just right" where's the best place to get the most money out of my unneeded textbooks? university drive port a potty accident university drive port a potty accident renting climbing gear 6 month apartment leases question about enrolling snowboarding in wv (freshman question) going to wvu next year. going to wvu next year. gordon gee, the prolific fundraiser and former head of wvu, colorado, b... gordon gee, the prolific fundraiser and former head of wvu, colorado, b... any interest in a wvu reddit meetup on saturday, december 14th? any interest in a wvu reddit meetup on saturday, december 14th? who is this stud? nsfw what's life like at wvu? woodburn hall playing country roads is an essay and/or letter of recommendation required for enrollment? downtown tonight? new west virginia history subreddit new west virginia history subreddit transfer orientation lte in morgantown contact info for basic group classes in coliseum on gameday lost wallet getting from towers to the coliseum best dorms on campus how popular has james clements been at west virginia? how popular has james clements been at west virginia? housing undergraduate computer science program im going to leave this here... im going to leave this here... pharmacy school question can you guys fill out a short survey for me? any kids come to my door and say "eat shit pitt!" are getting extra candy any kids come to my door and say "eat shit pitt!" are getting extra candy any kids come to my door and say "eat shit pitt!" are getting extra candy any kids come to my door and say "eat shit pitt!" are getting extra candy oliver luck expected to be next ad of texas remember those kids who flipped a wvu faculty members car? two have bee... remember those kids who flipped a wvu faculty members car? two have bee... remember those kids who flipped a wvu faculty members car? two have bee... calling all mountaineers.. our team is participating in the extra-life ... calling all mountaineers.. our team is participating in the extra-life ... i am not an advocate for removing parking, but some streets should not ... i am not an advocate for removing parking, but some streets should not ... d&amp;d who remembers seeing this at football games and on tv? who remembers seeing this at football games and on tv? wvu ad oliver luck selected for playoff committee so, where do grad students hang out in this town? smoking musket: "what else do you want from oliver luck?" possible future mountaineer does vice have a bear/chaser night? free std testing other buses to pittsburgh so this happened last night (wvu car flipped 9/28/13) x post from r/mor... so this happened last night (wvu car flipped 9/28/13) x post from r/mor... so this happened last night (wvu car flipped 9/28/13) x post from r/mor... difficulty of summer science classes? go lsu! (x-post from /r/collegeamateurs) go lsu! (x-post from /r/collegeamateurs) go lsu! (x-post from /r/collegeamateurs) go lsu! (x-post from /r/collegeamateurs) the morgantown city council passed an ordinance preventing street vendo... the morgantown city council passed an ordinance preventing street vendo... doug stanhope in morgantown friday night - didn't hear about this until... doug stanhope in morgantown friday night - didn't hear about this until... does wvu have a gaming/league of legends club/group? does wvu have a gaming/league of legends club/group? "a ride of the future, 1977." an informative video about the prt. "a ride of the future, 1977." an informative video about the prt. anyone going to pitt airport today? morgantown as fuck. morgantown as fuck. morgantown as fuck. morgantown as fuck. morgantown as fuck. erie the night before a game.. erie the night before a game.. erie the night before a game.. erie the night before a game.. wvu ranked #170 in latest us news &amp; world report college rankings.... wvu ranked #170 in latest us news &amp; world report college rankings.... where is prime location to live at wvu? where is prime location to live at wvu? favorite thing to do in morgantown? smoking musket recap: game two. bizarro world. eers lose. dozie ezemma picks wvu because of a dream a friend had dozie ezemma picks wvu because of a dream a friend had thought this belonged here, r.i.p. sunnyside. alum 09 thought this belonged here, r.i.p. sunnyside. alum 09 thought this belonged here, r.i.p. sunnyside. alum 09 anybody up for an alleycat? (x-post from /r/westvirginia) anybody want to do some rock climbing at cooper's rock this week anybody want to do some rock climbing at cooper's rock this week w&amp;m recap: game one. mustachioed messiah. eers win. coming to norman next week? here's some tips. coming to norman next week? here's some tips. coming to norman next week? here's some tips. coming to norman next week? here's some tips. wvu football to wear 150th anniversary patches this year club suggestions? knowledge? new seafood place in morgantown! 2 wvu students accused of setting dumpster fire 2 wvu students accused of setting dumpster fire fireworks questions on transferring where to get a hole in car exhaust fixed and inspection in morgantown? league of legends tournament! morgantown in motion morgantown in motion morgantown in motion any starcraft ii players at wvu? the incoming class the incoming class the incoming class the incoming class easiest way to get to some classes? hangout 'n stuff class or fall fest? for anybody who's wondering wired speeds. i've gotten almost the same fo... new dougity dog video! "one team, one motto" u92 is hiring! questions about the prt moving in week fallfest lineup 2013 - pretty lights, macklemore &amp; ryan lewis, ciar... fallfest lineup 2013 - pretty lights, macklemore &amp; ryan lewis, ciar... fallfest lineup 2013 - pretty lights, macklemore &amp; ryan lewis, ciar... anybody in lyons? what i've observed every year with people moving in. what i've observed every year with people moving in. what i've observed every year with people moving in. what i've observed every year with people moving in. what i've observed every year with people moving in. pat white's first nfl td! pat white's first nfl td! pat white's first nfl td! pat white's first nfl td! pat white's first nfl td! couple of questions about meal plan top 20 party schools released by princeton. wvu at 4th top 20 party schools released by princeton. wvu at 4th top 20 party schools released by princeton. wvu at 4th texas game weekend housing soon to be mountaineer commute advice looking for housting freshman with questions local willing to help students who is your cell carrier and how is the coverage in morgantown? new dougity dog video- "turn up" new dougity dog video- "turn up" if anybody is interested in wvu's progress in the solar decathlon if anybody is interested in wvu's progress in the solar decathlon wvu football: rushel shell commits to mountaineers mountaineer player booted from team after allegedly robbing house while... mountaineer player booted from team after allegedly robbing house while... need help with parking need a place to live? need help finding a shirt. wvu football: juco defensive end commit dontrill hyman enrolled nation's first campus "super wifi" comes to wvu - wifi "blankets the wv... nation's first campus "super wifi" comes to wvu - wifi "blankets the wv... nation's first campus "super wifi" comes to wvu - wifi "blankets the wv... wvu football: is holgorsen finally playing with a full deck? is the rost... hey everyone made this after reading one of fufari's columns made this after reading one of fufari's columns don't drink and drive today! stay out of jail and use dubv saferide to ... don't drink and drive today! stay out of jail and use dubv saferide to ... wvu, vt to renew football series wvu, vt to renew football series wvu, vt to renew football series big xii football pump up video big xii football pump up video karl joseph true freshman highlights karl joseph true freshman highlights missing tortoise-shell cat near university commons riverside. missing tortoise-shell cat near university commons riverside. tavon austin juked punter johnny hekker so bad, he faked an injury to s... tavon austin juked punter johnny hekker so bad, he faked an injury to s... tavon austin juked punter johnny hekker so bad, he faked an injury to s... star city tries to keep ducks, geese out of waterfront park it's our day over on r/cfb! it's our day over on r/cfb! anyone interested in participating in global reddit meetup day 2013? i w... do we have a u-pull-it type place here? any design studies majors? picture i took near the alumni building this past winter picture i took near the alumni building this past winter picture i took near the alumni building this past winter picture i took near the alumni building this past winter picture i took near the alumni building this past winter admissions question rams addiction podcast: talking tavon austin and stedman bailey with mar... hey everyone! west virginia baseball team helping with oklahoma relief efforts (video) west virginia baseball team helping with oklahoma relief efforts (video) wvu baseball team safe in oklahoma city, proceed to help with relief ef... wvu baseball team safe in oklahoma city, proceed to help with relief ef... wvu baseball team safe in oklahoma city, proceed to help with relief ef... if you haven't used your free amazon prime yet with your .edu email do ... if you haven't used your free amazon prime yet with your .edu email do ... once a mountaineer, always a mountaineer (x-post r/nfl) once a mountaineer, always a mountaineer (x-post r/nfl) once a mountaineer, always a mountaineer (x-post r/nfl) once a mountaineer, always a mountaineer (x-post r/nfl) once a mountaineer, always a mountaineer (x-post r/nfl) once a mountaineer, always a mountaineer (x-post r/nfl) local club owner faces 5 years in prison. local club owner faces 5 years in prison. local club owner faces 5 years in prison. best buy is hiring. looking for a summer internship in the baltimore area? it opportunity av... tobacco ban starts july 1st 2013 tobacco ban starts july 1st 2013 watch where you park watch where you park help! lost a laptop in white hall room g04. young male tabby found in grapevine village near airport : [x-post /r/m... young male tabby found in grapevine village near airport : [x-post /r/m... gift ideas? so it's pretty clear who the fans want to start for the jets. so it's pretty clear who the fans want to start for the jets. so it's pretty clear who the fans want to start for the jets. so it's pretty clear who the fans want to start for the jets. so it's pretty clear who the fans want to start for the jets. so it's pretty clear who the fans want to start for the jets. looking for housing advice. looking for parking near 3rd st. wvu grad recalls rocky start in broadcasting wvu's first rifle championship ... in 1913 wvu's first rifle championship ... in 1913 wvu's first rifle championship ... in 1913 my condolences to any friends or family of the student who took their ow... anybody know this guy? anybody know this guy? tickets for the wvu/umd game at m&amp;t bank are on sale now! let footba... any advice for incoming freshman living downtown next year? don't sell your textbooks to the book exchange! don't sell your textbooks to the book exchange! don't sell your textbooks to the book exchange! at&amp;t enables lte in morgantown! at&amp;t enables lte in morgantown! at&amp;t enables lte in morgantown! coach with coach do any of you stay at mountaineer place apartments on stewart street? what else is there to say? what else is there to say? what else is there to say? what else is there to say? just thought i'd share this awesome piece of sunnyside art just thought i'd share this awesome piece of sunnyside art just thought i'd share this awesome piece of sunnyside art just thought i'd share this awesome piece of sunnyside art just thought i'd share this awesome piece of sunnyside art just thought i'd share this awesome piece of sunnyside art one more sunnyside pic, this time the classic from 1977 professional cod player clayster (goes to wvu) did an ama professional cod player clayster (goes to wvu) did an ama does anyone know what they're building at the rec center in front of tow... report: pat white likely will join washington redskins report: pat white likely will join washington redskins report: pat white likely will join washington redskins steel panther 4/25 wvu baseball to share new stadium with new minor league team (x-post fr... wvu baseball to share new stadium with new minor league team (x-post fr... wvu baseball to share new stadium with new minor league team (x-post fr... 7 ways you know you're a west virginia mountaineers fan 7 ways you know you're a west virginia mountaineers fan does anybody know of places that have one semester leases it's 4:28 p.m. and pitt still sucks.  it's 4:28 p.m. and pitt still sucks.  it's 4:28 p.m. and pitt still sucks.  anyone want to start a band? a capella at wvu? pepperoni rolls voted state food, tudor's wants revenge (x-post from r/... pepperoni rolls voted state food, tudor's wants revenge (x-post from r/... pepperoni rolls voted state food, tudor's wants revenge (x-post from r/... wvu sga passes ruling on concealed carry does anyone live at moutain valley and want to play some basketball some... i love biking and am going to be a freshman this fall at wvu. should i e... anyone willing to take an anonymous questionnaire? all data will be used... ea sports invites mountaineers to help overhaul ncaa football recruitin... ea sports invites mountaineers to help overhaul ncaa football recruitin... where can i park a car for a week? where can i park a car for a week? cars in morgantown cars in morgantown hey guys, im a future mountaineer looking for some advice hey guys, im a future mountaineer looking for some advice wvu weather wood wallpaper wvu weather wood wallpaper wvu weather wood wallpaper to all who pursued a business major at wvu.. classic holgo quote wallpaper (x-post from r/cfb) classic holgo quote wallpaper (x-post from r/cfb) classic holgo quote wallpaper (x-post from r/cfb) anyone going possibly going to the lindsey stirling concert on the 14th? wvu residence halls personal budgeting any fellow redditors know of a good place to live? what was going on with harris? bball. so did yall do adventure wvu? player preview: geno smith, qb, west virginia can somebody from montclair state university and someone from west virgi... go. defend our honor. go. defend our honor. lost backpack in woodburn hall i made a 30 second compilation of all the harlem shake videos on youtub... i made a 30 second compilation of all the harlem shake videos on youtub... bigger harlem shake in woodburn circle! were you part of this? bigger harlem shake in woodburn circle! were you part of this? bigger harlem shake in woodburn circle! were you part of this? bigger harlem shake in woodburn circle! were you part of this? harlem shake - west virginia university - engineering sciences harlem shake - west virginia university - engineering sciences harlem shake - west virginia university - engineering sciences harlem shake - west virginia university - engineering sciences harlem shake - west virginia university - engineering sciences national signing day in-depth analysis (basically, who is at what positi... air holgs [x-post from /r/cfb] air holgs [x-post from /r/cfb] ulitities off campus? for those interested wvu is offering a free online course about compute... for those interested wvu is offering a free online course about compute... ronald mcdonald house had an iron chef type cook off.  it was delicious! ronald mcdonald house had an iron chef type cook off.  it was delicious! wvu and surrounding communities! please help my friend find this guy!! wvu and surrounding communities! please help my friend find this guy!! anybody at wvu play starcraft? football recruiting update 01/29 i'm really nervous about college and i need some advice. just realized an odd thing about this year's wvu bball team, there's a ... just realized an odd thing about this year's wvu bball team, there's a ... does anybody know what happened with the bus this morning? when i need suggestions on where to eat around morgantown, i check out ... when i need suggestions on where to eat around morgantown, i check out ... when i need suggestions on where to eat around morgantown, i check out ... $500 reward for lost dog $500 reward for lost dog $500 reward for lost dog got my letter. then fear set in. wvu recruiting class approaches home stretch got my acceptance letter to wvu yesterday! what advice do you have for ... got my acceptance letter to wvu yesterday! what advice do you have for ... trigonometry help need suggestions for setting the boundaries in a game i'm developing. (a... so, i had to write about 'buckwild' so, i had to write about 'buckwild' i'm one of the directors at your college radio station, u92-fm. ama! i'm one of the directors at your college radio station, u92-fm. ama! i'm one of the directors at your college radio station, u92-fm. ama! geno smith was on hand to ring the opening bell for the new york stock ... geno smith was on hand to ring the opening bell for the new york stock ... geno smith was on hand to ring the opening bell for the new york stock ... my grandfather's slides from the first mountaineer game i ever attended... my grandfather's slides from the first mountaineer game i ever attended... my grandfather's slides from the first mountaineer game i ever attended... my grandfather's slides from the first mountaineer game i ever attended... cool history on the current wvu logo cool history on the current wvu logo cool history on the current wvu logo what do you want from the daily athenaeum?  football recruiting update is anyone here into gaelic football? got some questions about fraternities. anyone around play paintball? general inquiries about the school general inquiries about the school my friends' dog, sam, went missing in south park.  please pm if you hav... my friends' dog, sam, went missing in south park.  please pm if you hav... my friends' dog, sam, went missing in south park.  please pm if you hav... my friends' dog, sam, went missing in south park.  please pm if you hav... want to know whats changing in morgantown? keep up with wvu construction... gif of tavon austin from last week (more in comments)  gif of tavon austin from last week (more in comments)  ou-west virginia game was like no other when it came to statistics this season is stressing me out too much. hide yo couches "i knew morgantown sounded familiar!" (from an /r/wtf thread) "i knew morgantown sounded familiar!" (from an /r/wtf thread) "i knew morgantown sounded familiar!" (from an /r/wtf thread) "i knew morgantown sounded familiar!" (from an /r/wtf thread) need a bit of help, how to get from wvu to nj? recent ou grad needs some help summer classes hitler mad at the prt hitler mad at the prt anyone workout at the rec center in the wee hours of the morn? how do students get access to basketball tickets? does anyone know if parking at the lair will be free tomorrow? siri gave me a let down when i saw the real score. siri gave me a let down when i saw the real score. huge plugs could have spared subways from flooding, co-developed by a w... huge plugs could have spared subways from flooding, co-developed by a w... huge plugs could have spared subways from flooding, co-developed by a w... did anyone else see what the university posted today? even if you don't... did anyone else see what the university posted today? even if you don't... eatin' healthy at wvu while sandy makes a move. lsb stairs everyday. lsb stairs everyday. lsb stairs everyday. lsb stairs everyday. lsb stairs everyday. rendering and virtual fly-around of new sunnyside residential complex halloween/costume stores? gentlemen of morgantown, where do you get your haircut? wvu purchases 39 properties in sunnyside for $14.6 with plans for new s... wvu purchases 39 properties in sunnyside for $14.6 with plans for new s... wvu purchases 39 properties in sunnyside for $14.6 with plans for new s... texan who joined mountaineer family through liver transplant to visit wvu calling all mountaineers.. our team is participating in the extra-life ... calling all mountaineers.. our team is participating in the extra-life ... go mountaineers! go mountaineers! go mountaineers! why isn't this subreddit bigger?!  why isn't this subreddit bigger?!  join the wvu space race (dropbox.com) to gain 3 more gb and if we get en... don't do it holgs!! its only one game don't do it holgs!! its only one game don't do it holgs!! its only one game a picture of the streaker from the texas tech vs west virginia game (sf... a picture of the streaker from the texas tech vs west virginia game (sf... a picture of the streaker from the texas tech vs west virginia game (sf... let's goooooo mountaineers let's goooooo mountaineers let's goooooo mountaineers so, how far do you think we will drop in the rankings?  wolverine as the mountaineer.  wolverine as the mountaineer.  surveillance cameras on grant ave any recommendations on classes that will fill gec 9? what is everyone's thoughts of the possibility of having a "riot fee" o... what is everyone's thoughts of the possibility of having a "riot fee" o... let's go mountaineers let's go mountaineers gameday in motown oct 20th? prove them wrong. fall always reminds me how genuinely awesome our campus is. fall always reminds me how genuinely awesome our campus is. fall always reminds me how genuinely awesome our campus is. fall always reminds me how genuinely awesome our campus is. fall always reminds me how genuinely awesome our campus is. fall always reminds me how genuinely awesome our campus is. fall always reminds me how genuinely awesome our campus is. old fan club at wvu  huggins reminding you not to "sleep" on the team until basketball season. 18 gigapixel panoramic of the wvu-baylor game. 18 gigapixel panoramic of the wvu-baylor game. 18 gigapixel panoramic of the wvu-baylor game. mountaineer field singing country roads after baylor win  - gives me ch... mountaineer field singing country roads after baylor win  - gives me ch... mountaineer field singing country roads after baylor win  - gives me ch... mountaineer field singing country roads after baylor win  - gives me ch... mountaineer field singing country roads after baylor win  - gives me ch... mountaineer field "stripe the stadium" panoramic picture - wvu vs. baylor mountaineer field "stripe the stadium" panoramic picture - wvu vs. baylor mountaineer field "stripe the stadium" panoramic picture - wvu vs. baylor lost kingston flash drive in downtown library wsaz needs to check their videos better when talking about wvu.  wsaz needs to check their videos better when talking about wvu.  catch of the year(so far) lebron james was tweeting about us! lebron james was tweeting about us! i am so glad the stripes worked. i am so glad the stripes worked. i am so glad the stripes worked. i am so glad the stripes worked. i am so glad the stripes worked. i am so glad the stripes worked. i am so glad the stripes worked. i am so glad the stripes worked. wvu's new "don't burn a couch" commercial. do they really think this wi... wvu's new "don't burn a couch" commercial. do they really think this wi... latest gameday commercial wvu latest gameday commercial wvu latest gameday commercial wvu wvu vs texas- 7 pm. not a noon game! wvu vs texas- 7 pm. not a noon game! wvu vs texas- 7 pm. not a noon game! panoramic wvu game panoramic wvu game panoramic wvu game panoramic wvu game old cheat bridge goes ka boom old cheat bridge goes ka boom old cheat bridge goes ka boom old cheat bridge goes ka boom old cheat bridge goes ka boom video of the old cheat lake bridge getting blown up (action starts at 2... video of the old cheat lake bridge getting blown up (action starts at 2... coming down this weekend quick question! how i feel about all the noon games.  how i feel about all the noon games.  how i feel about all the noon games.  how i feel about all the noon games.  how i feel about all the noon games.  best pizza in morgantown? best pizza in morgantown? tilt-shift from yesterday's jmu v wvu game (3696x2176) tilt-shift from yesterday's jmu v wvu game (3696x2176) i made this shirt just for oliver luck. student health center? i don't know why this exists. does anyone else understand? i don't know why this exists. does anyone else understand? not sure if... not sure if... not sure if... holgorsen pulls a costanza.  leaves on a high note. holgorsen pulls a costanza.  leaves on a high note. holgorsen pulls a costanza.  leaves on a high note. pitt loses to youngstown state at home, lol - espn pitt loses to youngstown state at home, lol - espn pitt loses to youngstown state at home, lol - espn pitt loses to youngstown state at home, lol - espn pic i took of university ave tonight.  pic i took of university ave tonight.  pic i took of university ave tonight.  pic i took of university ave tonight.  pic i took of university ave tonight.  pic i took of university ave tonight.  tribute to coach stew and jim carlen - from wvu vs. marshall pregame i think a bit of a bias is coming from west virginia. vote for geno! at&amp;t all-america player of the week vote for geno! at&amp;t all-america player of the week vote for geno! at&amp;t all-america player of the week siri knows what's up.  siri knows what's up.  siri knows what's up.  siri knows what's up.  siri knows what's up.  siri knows what's up.  great new wvu commercial. shows how gorgeous our state is  great new wvu commercial. shows how gorgeous our state is  great new wvu commercial. shows how gorgeous our state is  cb4 is not impressed by marshall cb4 is not impressed by marshall cb4 is not impressed by marshall 13,000 students have requested tickets to the friends of coal bowl advice for an upcoming freshman (fall 2013) melbourne to wvu looking for some people at wvu to play league of legends with. #1 party school? we'll see!: wvu college meetup #1 party school? we'll see!: wvu college meetup wvu boardgaming group what kaskade said about fallfest what kaskade said about fallfest what kaskade said about fallfest what kaskade said about fallfest what kaskade said about fallfest west virginia ranked as no. 1 school, for partygoers - cnn.com west virginia ranked as no. 1 school, for partygoers - cnn.com west virginia ranked as no. 1 school, for partygoers - cnn.com west virginia ranked as no. 1 school, for partygoers - cnn.com former mountaineer, now dj in nyc. djing @ 123 pleasant st. on thursday,... the rubber u the rubber u anyone else sick of the spam on this subreddit? i'm looking at you wvuc... anyone else sick of the spam on this subreddit? i'm looking at you wvuc... anyone else sick of the spam on this subreddit? i'm looking at you wvuc... i hope there are no snakes on his plane! i hope there are no snakes on his plane! not sure about admissions. anyone know of any fun 'niche' classes at wvu? anyone know of any fun 'niche' classes at wvu? tilt-shift pics of morgantown (x-post from /r/tiltshift) tilt-shift pics of morgantown (x-post from /r/tiltshift) tilt-shift pics of morgantown (x-post from /r/tiltshift) tilt-shift pics of morgantown (x-post from /r/tiltshift) tilt-shift pics of morgantown (x-post from /r/tiltshift) does anyone know when/if gapps will be turned on for wvu? tips on 'commuting' to downtown campus from the airport? tips on 'commuting' to downtown campus from the airport? wvu grad nicco campriani wins olympics gold  wvu grad nicco campriani wins olympics gold  wvu grad nicco campriani wins olympics gold  everyone is #1 in something in light of recent events at ucf -- introducing courseshark to wvu for c... wvu torrenting just a reminder...single football game tickets go on sale tomorrow (7/31... does anyone here live in the honor dorms? i have a few questions? let's gooooo!! let's gooooo!! apartments in morgantown are cars allowed on campus freshman year? does anyone know what happened to the development of the beach view plac... can anyone help me find a waterfall i used to go to? special thanks to cweese who put together some mountaineer inspired ali... special thanks to cweese who put together some mountaineer inspired ali... i'm thinking of attending the ou-wvu game in november... i photoshopped a coonskin cap on the reddit alien. we could add it to t... i photoshopped a coonskin cap on the reddit alien. we could add it to t... i photoshopped a coonskin cap on the reddit alien. we could add it to t... i photoshopped a coonskin cap on the reddit alien. we could add it to t... should i get a desktop for college? charity event this weekend, check it out! an open letter to those who drive in town.  an open letter to those who drive in town.  i am...iron man. i am...iron man. i am...iron man. i am...iron man. what are some cool places to visit near wvu? what are some cool places to visit near wvu? anyone want to start a brass band? help save prof. beeson's life! help save prof. beeson's life! wvu board of governors approves campus-wide smoking ban. what do you guy... an attorney friend of mine is distributing these around some of the loc... an attorney friend of mine is distributing these around some of the loc... steve slaton and the miami dolphins to appear on hard knocks thinking about going to wvu! i have a fewquestions thinking about going to wvu! i have a fewquestions jock sanders signs with saskatchewan a good article that was in the da today. faith in humanity: restored faith in humanity: restored looking for sublet for 2nd summer session bill stewart dies from heart attack bill stewart dies from heart attack bill stewart dies from heart attack rest in peace coach stew.  any ents around this summer? something i haven't done since i lived in dadisman. anyone seen these downtown? license plate of a true mountaineer! looking for a decent lady-haircut in the morgantown area fellow mountaineers, one of our own is running across the country for w... fellow mountaineers, one of our own is running across the country for w... tavon awesome- tavon austin junior highlights incoming freshmen. advice? did a quick photo shoot at black bear burritos did a quick photo shoot at black bear burritos three teams could be interested in owen schmitt geno smith, heisman favorite? website for the evansdale campus construction projects anyone know why there's a helicopter flying really low over downtown? anyone know why there's a helicopter flying really low over downtown? sick fan picture (x/post from r/cfb) sick fan picture (x/post from r/cfb) sick fan picture (x/post from r/cfb) sick fan picture (x/post from r/cfb) hey! i'm makin' wv t-shirts! help us find this little guy! help us find this little guy! wvu players drafted in the 2010 nfl draft cispa passed in the house, senate up to vote. call your senators! let th... ordered from munchies on spruce st. got this bag of cold slop an hour an... the kids in towers can relate the kids in towers can relate missing kitten. lost friday, april 20, 2012. missing kitten. lost friday, april 20, 2012. vote for wvu college gameday vote for wvu college gameday anybody need a place to live for the summer? or knows somebody that does... how i feel driving down 8th st. how i feel driving down 8th st. how i feel driving down 8th st. how i feel driving down 8th st. wvu pros nfl draft notes and links: irvin, miller, and tandy i'm going to miss evansdale's beautiful landscaping. almost full moon over morgantown almost full moon over morgantown almost full moon over morgantown almost full moon over morgantown the monongahela... the monongahela... the monongahela... the monongahela... the streets at night the streets at night the arboretum this friday the arboretum this friday question for those familiar with wvu's housing...... wvu pros monday news and notes: pat white, john flowers, bruce irvin wvu and virgnia tech explore energy cooperation some pics of morgantown from over the weekend. . . some pics of morgantown from over the weekend. . . do we have any professors subscribed to r/wvu? do we have any professors subscribed to r/wvu? took this panorama from university town center. star city on the left a... took this panorama from university town center. star city on the left a... took this panorama from university town center. star city on the left a... warm weather? ricers... warm weather? ricers... i run a page on facebook for coach holgorsen. this happened... i run a page on facebook for coach holgorsen. this happened... wvu graduate students blogging about #gradschoolproblems how i know it's springtime on campus. how i know it's springtime on campus. how i imagine the creators of the evive station how i imagine the creators of the evive station how i imagine the creators of the evive station spring break !!  spring break !!  spring break !!  spring break !!  lf someone who can clean my xbox kevin pittsnogle signs with the charlotte bobcats coolest item on amazon. hands down. coolest item on amazon. hands down. they probably did it on purpose they probably did it on purpose jizz trees in bloom.  photo shoot on the rail trail samurai style! (aic) jizz trees in bloom.  photo shoot on the rail trail samurai style! (aic) remember that really tall, underachieving wr from the mountaineers?  app... i'm shmacked the movie: wvu st. patty's day 2012 i'm shmacked the movie: wvu st. patty's day 2012 wvu football pros: 2003 draft season mountaineers out of the tournament :-( has anyone else ever had this problem using ecampus with firefox? it wor... free copy of 2007 gator bowl jedd gyorko and tyler kuhn make their mlb spring training debuts what the pundits have to say about bruce irvin following the nfl combine re-post from /r/mountaineers...vote for huggs! one more reason to despise this man. one more reason to despise this man. one more reason to despise this man. one more reason to despise this man. one more reason to despise this man. academic probation hmm- close win? away game? i think i'll dance to your song, thanks. recruiting for a live action game wildlife management and other questions life science stairs every morning before 9... life science stairs every morning before 9... life science stairs every morning before 9... life science stairs every morning before 9... wvu goes to big xii officially in july wvu goes to big xii officially in july we made it on the telervision! sh*t nobody says at wvu sh*t nobody says at wvu sh*t nobody says at wvu sh*t nobody says at wvu super smash brothers brawl tournament at 5pm sat the 11th @ save point super smash brothers brawl tournament at 5pm sat the 11th @ save point wvu memes wvu primed for $11 million big east cash payment |
charleston daily mail  wvu primed for $11 million big east cash payment |
charleston daily mail  good guy j.t.  good guy j.t.  cool timeline of wvu history, happy 145th! cool timeline of wvu history, happy 145th! any wvu reddit business majors? eyewear a typical night at marshall u.... a typical night at marshall u.... just a billboard on i-79. just a billboard on i-79. just a billboard on i-79. need an apartment(s) from may-august? do you know someone that needs a house? woodburn lights... old or new design better? woodburn lights... old or new design better? the most random place i've seen the flying wv. the most random place i've seen the flying wv. the most random place i've seen the flying wv. guilty guilty proposed greek village at wvu proposed greek village at wvu how to emerge from controversy unscathed...  how to emerge from controversy unscathed...  epic orange bowl video. i'm already way too pumped for next season. epic orange bowl video. i'm already way too pumped for next season. average utility costs? wvu beats marshall 78-62 wvu beats marshall 78-62 so john flowers was in my room last night... so john flowers was in my room last night... so john flowers was in my room last night... judge orders west virginia mountaineers, big east to mediation | espn west virginia verizon problems anyone need an apartment to rent? this has happened to me more than once this has happened to me more than once this has happened to me more than once this has happened to me more than once saw this in a recent issue of the state journal... an orange bowl highlight video - i won't get tired of watching this. ever. an orange bowl highlight video - i won't get tired of watching this. ever. prt; days without incident: 0. previous record: 34 looking for some fellow ents on or near campus as that time nears again. winning in wv. winning in wv. winning in wv. winning in wv. winning in wv. clemson's first world problem clemson's first world problem .......and espn continues forgetting that we are a legitimate team.  go... .......and espn continues forgetting that we are a legitimate team.  go... congratulations mountaineers on a fantastic bowl victory -- welcome to ... congratulations mountaineers on a fantastic bowl victory -- welcome to ... congratulations mountaineers on a fantastic bowl victory -- welcome to ... til wvu set the record for tds scored in a bcs game at 10. til wvu set the record for tds scored in a bcs game at 10. til wvu set the record for tds scored in a bcs game at 10. til wvu set the record for tds scored in a bcs game at 10. mmm yea....wvu spanks 'em real hard mmm yea....wvu spanks 'em real hard apparently, brad nessler still thinks west virginia is part of virginia... apparently, brad nessler still thinks west virginia is part of virginia... which one of you drives the white audi with the trollface sticker? advice on places to live around medical area/evansdale?  anyone going to miami, fl for the orange bowl? been using reddit for awhile now. stopped by to see what's going on save point game center is hosting a 3v3 league of legends tournament thi... study break meetup this weekend off campus housing for fall 2012 extreme shoppers? backyard brawl!? minecraft server meetup tomorrow? still doing meetings? louisville cheerleaders won't travel to wvu on saturday due to "unsafe e... looking for someone to take over my roommate's lease asap any redditors a german major or minor? itap(s) on halloween itap(s) on halloween you can now edit your flair! anybody here playing battlefield 3? west virginia mountaineers formally invited to join big 12 west virginia mountaineers formally invited to join big 12 can we get some flair up in here? anyone down for kegler's? big 12 could accept west virginia mountaineers as early as tuesday, sou... big 12 could accept west virginia mountaineers as early as tuesday, sou... college sub-reddit competition. wvu ents? found: small brown dog with no tags [x-post] wvu&gt;others schools spot on... spot on... i had no idea this subreddit existed.. morgantown in motion morgantown in motion morgantown in motion morgantown in motion suggestions for a care package? is anyone else sick of the sga milan "mike" puskar passed away. [x-post from r/mountaineers] milan "mike" puskar passed away. [x-post from r/mountaineers] what does everyone have/do for jobs around here? i don't think i hate anything more than i hate the prt. i don't think i hate anything more than i hate the prt. does anyone here play magic? friday, 9/29 meet up prt at heathrow? everyday is meetup day in the library college gameday!!! parking on game days? story of my life... story of my life... meet up moved to next week. erin andrews getting decked out in a wvu football uniform. that is all. don't forget, the nation is watching... we are so screwed :-( let's brainstorm some sign ideas for college gameday! the century mark meetup this week. saw this next to b&amp;e. oh wvu students, you are so creative. saw this next to b&amp;e. oh wvu students, you are so creative. saw this next to b&amp;e. oh wvu students, you are so creative. so what does everyone drive around here? any fellow ents on campus? college gameday will be in morgantown for lsu gold rush! another meetup oliver luck speaks out on the 'west fucking virginia' t-shirts what kind of major do wvu redditors have? what kind of major do wvu redditors have? tried to go to the wvu reddit meetup.. see you guys at 7p.m. tonight. best pizza in morgantown? best pizza in morgantown? man fatally shoots five people near morgantown. wvu athletic director talks about season-opener on cbs pittsburgh my reaction to the wvu-marshall game wvu meet up. the narwhal bacons at midnight. the narwhal bacons at midnight. tell me about your first day back. critique and suggestions for this subreddit? wvu student studying abroad found dead anyone living in brooke? need parking! can anybody help? style change for the wvu subreddit? wvu meetup? any steam users here? thoughts on the fallfest lineup? chiddy bang, mac miller, 3 doors down, ... i was told that there was to be a wvu sausage party here. college competition college competition hey /r/wvu! what is the greek life like at wvu? downtown morgantown music/lyrics by mike johns texas picks patterson, not wvu's luck, as ad - sports - the charleston g... wvu vs georgia state (2013) highlights i know it's a long shot, but is the wvu football game today streaming an... made some phone wallpapers for fans of the pens and wvu wvu football: a lack of coaching leadership ruined 2012 for the mountain... wvu football recruiting: what are five stars really worth ? ouch looking to make some extra cash? experienced with listing/selling on ebay? wvu football: what happened to the final 3 recruits for 2013? wvu football: should the mountaineers have outstanding game helmet decal... wvu football: foundation of the future, the offensive line dana holgorsen: is he building a foundation, or a golden parachute? college football: should the new targeting rule even be an issue? wvu football: will all these coaching changes really help? wvu football: unsettled at quarterback, but what a stable of running backs! ncaa football 2013 rule changes: how will they effect wvu? wvu ring of honor, to be or not to be? sunny side high help a mountaineer come back this fall. (x-post from /r/assistance) did anyone find an evive bottle in ming hsieh g20 during exam week? what's the stoner scene like at wvu? hey mountaineers - need experience in writing/marketing/advertising? the... geno smith nfl combine preview player preview: tavon austin, wr, west virginia gun shots last night i know it's the offseason, but i also know some of you like college foot... ku fans hating the band on twitter my friend who is a journalism major made a mini documentary on marijuana... so bittersweet... what exactly is dead week? i think this is relevant to our university. (x-post r/funny) can someone record the crazy preacher that talk in front of mountainlair? anyone interested in playing ultimate? anyone have tickets to the wvu vs baylor game? affordable parking in/around wvu? i asked a jmu fan if their campus smelled like wet dog food... nfl week 2 preview: jets vs. steelers wvupros game of the week petition - west virginia university: remove chick-fil-a from the mountai... joe herber still playing basketball in gemany larry ford to tryout for san antonio noel devine at montreal alouettes practice 6/7/12 how strict are scholarship requirements? do any of the head shops in town sell salvia? quincy wilson to join mountaineer coaching staff how jock sanders fits in with the saskatchewan roughriders checking in on kevin jones pre-nba draft travels wvu pros nfl ota updates: thomas, hogan, sands scooter berry has a huge game for jacksonville recap of the wvu spring game was bob huggins drunk at a coaching clinic the other day? bruce irvin schedules visits to eight nfl teams could devin ebanks play elsewhere next season? the unfinished story of p.j. shirdan- from wvu football to ptsd to boxing wvu officials respond to viral video who else is waiting for this im schmacked wvu video to upload!? make money driving - carpooling and ridesharing oh hey.  i see you there. could devin ebanks soon be a knick? good riddance to the big east.  snubbing k.j. like that is criminal. 'wvu's parting is anything but sweet' - espn look familiar? how to handle a marshall grad with an inferiority complex.  ps3 for sale, looking for $300. wvu/lsu by the numbers (x/post from cfb) program discourages vulgar...wait what!? (xpost from mountaineers) poll for the day of the meetup next week. financial aid any redditneers living at the district??  wvu vs marshall [0] halp meh! tyler kuhn cut from the chicago white sox wvu pros arena league recaps week 2: scooter berry, kent richardson padres reassign jedd gyorko kevin jones named to wooden and ap all-american teams new dolphins head coach joe philbin talks about steve slaton wvu pros nfl free agency update 4/12/12 debate: greatest mountaineer football team of the modern era former mountaineer alonzo washington creates wvu pros computer science instructor how najee goode fits in with the tampa bay bucs how tyler urban and cody nutter will fit in with the tampa bay bucs jarett brown thinks audition for panthers went well david carpenter recalled by houston and other wvu pros notes video interview of owen schmitt with the raiders noel devine impresses new coach at alouettes training camp need your mountaineer basketball fix? check out the nba summer leagues i... audio interview with noel devine wvupros thirsty thursday capsules: schmitt, gaddis, gyorko, wiley, wilson kevin jones injury and other nba draft notes how would the mountaineers stack up individually in the big 12 last season? devin ebanks has an active summer planned kevin jones a golden state warrior? roughriders release jock sanders could what happened to bruce irvin happen to kevin jones? kevin jones finished with pre-draft workouts college football finally has a playoff format kevin jones speaks about going undrafted will devin ebanks remain with the lakers? noel devine starts for the alouettes in cfl opener seeking summer interns for wvupros icymi thursday 7/5/12: jones, cobourne, lankster, gyorko, and more is wvu right for me? is wvu a party school? kent richardson sets team record in soul victory devin ebanks to re-sign with l.a. for one-year kevin jones will not play in the nba summer league 2012 - 2013 football jerseys? listen live to noel devine and the alouettes take on the stampeders mountaineers popping up on preseason watch lists wvu pros icymi thursday: 7/19/12 watch three mountaineer legends on espn3 tonight wvu pros nfl training camp preview: afc north 3 questions with steelers rookie will johnson good news for najee goode former mountaineers complete first weekend of nfl training camp truck bryant to play in europe this season scooter berry and kent richardson to meet in second round of afl playoffs ryan mundy will start the season where he left off in denver kent richardson and scooter berry discuss meeting in the arena league pl... wvupros nfl training camp news and notes 8/3/12 bruce irvin dominates seahawks scrimmage wvupros nfl training camp update 8/6/12 alex ruoff on his way back to belgium chris neild talks about the upcoming season with the redskins j.t. thomas working with second-team linebackers for the bears kent richardson wins arena league defensive back of the year honors seahawks hope bruce irvin can be a dual threat on defense kent richardson is ready for the arena bowl wvupros nfl preseason week 1 previews: friday night bruce irvin makes his nfl debut but darius reynaud steals the show devin ebanks will re-sign with the lakers today is brandon hogan close to a return for the panthers? j.t. thomas should see more playing time this week wvupros nfl preseason week 2 preview: titans vs. bucs wvupros nfl preseason week 2 friday recap: reynaud has another big game bruce irvin introduces himself to peyton manning mountaineer trio solid in steelers win get your tickets for bob huggins 2nd annual fish fry with special guest ... kent richardson talks about his record-breaking arena league season anyone else confused by this? check out morgantown's only hookah bar! pc or mac?  acceptance  quest diagnostics urine test? academics legitimate? what are some easy classes to take here at wvu? are you able to smoke pot in the mountain valley apartments? note about on-campus housing at wvu first college party, busted by fire marshalls. rip